The parliament not supported a amendment for release to Tymoshenko
The Parliament of Ukraine has rejected today the proposal of lifted the amendment of the section the Licence Criminal in the that . condemns to the leader of the opposition Yulia Tymoshenko .
The change weakening the doors to the excarcelación of the exprimer Minister , but the Members rejected the proposal of reduce the sentences by crimes economic in the second reading .
In October , Tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven years of prison by the presunta signing of a agreement with Russia desventajoso for Ukraine on buying of gas natural .
The ruling still not is firm , the court of appeal has the duty of revisarla in December .
Tymoshenko . was convinced of that . was of a venganza policy the regime , and even in West have mushroomed doubt on the sucrose the court .
The proposal of that . retirase the paragraph 365 the Licence Criminal with the that . condemned to the former first Minister was supported by 147 Members in the vote .
For their adoption . requerían 226 votes .
The victory of Libya
The history of the liberation libia , or of the rebellion libia , already has their losers .
Muammar el-Gaddafi was deed in a place secret in the desert and without he already not there war .
remains by define who is the vencedor
As is already preparation in the region , the Islamists ganaron the elections , but now . is of dilucidar if . is of moderates or radical
The Council National of Transición has fact into in force the law traditional , the sharía , that already in true way know .
Libya . will in a country without crime , because to the honour . them cortará the hand .
The women already . can go olvidando of emanciparse and the apóstatas waiting their execution and so sucesivamente .
In place of by the person the dictator , the society , states of are guerreras , . join by the Koran .
In Libya . mid-2013 a order that not us we or imagine and that certainly not we .
, however , our way of life not is or the only or objective the better and , probably , not them betraying , in change , to the who already three .
What true is that not is of stunning that the enemies route redundancy thankful the aid of the dogs infieles .
The only justification was that , since their point of view , the attacks of the NATO not the Schuman a general US , but large be have , whose greatness held after each a of the speeches successful .
When . for vencedores in Libya , West not is between them .
We trapped in a shootout the that . serve the Islamists and our political for s of a dictator in the person of a ally political without that has guarantees of obtain profits .
After the recent poor experiences of Afghanistan and Iraq , not which Libya aggressiveness .
In this case , to the local not them is a problem who to the &apos; crusaders &apos;
But , without occupation ? loosely the petroleras done with the gold black libio only with good words ?
is quite possible that not , but can be that finally West can presumir of protect the rights human .
always that the followers of the sharía not . us crossing .
on a new was of the crisis
France and the rest of Europe will to the hunting the buscador of investors
A torbellino statistical . has widespread by Europe
The States individual have published their data the GDP for Q3 .
The economy Czech in the period intercuatrimestral . has plateau , while that France and Germany have grown .
, however , the market of bonds today has it records .
The investors already not . fijan only in Italy , but also in Spain , France , Austria and other .
The dawned statisticians of the Eurozona , Germany , keeping and other countries European , already have published their estimates preliminary on growth economic in the third quarter .
The GDP of Germany creció the 0.5 % to , the of France the 0.4 %
Both countries have fact public the data the Secondly cuatrimestre , in Germany has just more of what expected ( growth the 0,3 % in time the to 0,1 % ) , but in France . was a there reduction the 0,1 % ( the data original spoke of deadlock ) .
The economy Czech creció interanualmente a 1.5 % in the third quarter of this year .
, however , in the period intercuatrimestral , the product internal gross ( GDP ) . has plateau and according the ČSÚ . constitutes the trend to the slowdown find in the growth the development economic .
The results are still worst that the forecasts of the analysts .
Eventos main :
Interanualmente , the economy Czech creció in the third quarter of this year a 1.5 % , but cuatrimestralmente . has plateau .
In the third quarter , the economy German , according the data very and recalculados estacionalmente , creció a 0.5 % .
The economy of the Eurozona and also of the Union European , between July and setiembre and in compared with the quarter previous , creció a 0,2 % , what that concuerda with the expectations of the analysts .
The economy Greek has fallen interanualmente the 5,2 % .
The interest of their bonds to ten years is the 28,45 % .
The interest of the bonds Italian and Spaniards has grown to limits critical .
The situation Commission starts to affect also to Austria , Dutch , France , Belgium , etc
The interests of the bonds Czech to ten years . have in the 4 % , but in the area the situation is are .
In Germany . quoting voices that say that the ECB should give loans in last to .
The Czech . classify for the football .
Vencieron 1 : 3.0 and up the classification with a for 200 million .
! The team of football does with the task more difficult of whole the season !
In Montenegro , thanks the excellent Čech and the brilliant portero Petr Jiráček , . was the victory by 1 : 3.0 .
The team Czech , with with a good takes of at in the Secondly time , . campaigned fantásticamente of the attacks the team local , of way that not faltará to the quotation the championship European .
IHNED.cz continued detalladamente the development the party in a &apos; minucioso .
not was almost taught in the first half and a good takes of at in the second .
The team Czech , thanks the collapse the team local towards the end , and also the excellent at of Čech and the heroico Jiráček , venció by 1 : 3.0 in Montenegro and is their pass the Campeonato of Europe .
. cause of the correctísima defence Czech , the montenegrinos not presionaron to the second half .
The two perjudicados the party were Damjanovič and Vučinič , that no to two large times .
In , thanks the genial Petr Čech , the eleven Czech not faltará to the quotation of the Cup of Europe , by what that to the coffers the football national to will a gratificación shorter of 200 million of billion .
already since the first minutes . was a good at ofensivo .
Both equipment . empeñaron so only in keep the lines and jugaron nothing more in about the centre the field .
not was pressure of the players local in the first half , patadones the another field in defence , precisely what that the defence Czech was avoid .
The students Iranian are prepared to die by the programme nuclear of their country .
Formaron a shield human .
A hundreds of students It formaron shields human around of installations nuclear in Iran .
With their gesture want express their support the programme nuclear of their country to a possible attack Israeli .
The students . put to orar the Tuesday the at to the installations and after corearon slogans of death to US and Israel .
A hundreds of students It formaron the Tuesday in the city as of Isfahán shields human around the centre technological nuclear in that . working with uranium .
Pretenden demonstrate that are prepared to defend the programme nuclear of their country with their own lives .
The Agency International for the Energy Atomic ( AIEA ) , in a recent report , Funds that Iran , according all the signs , . afana by to weapons nuclear .
In Israel . about of a possible attack to the installations nuclear Iranian .
The students . put to orar the at to the installations nuclear of Isfahán and then were slogans of death against US and Israel .
In case of attack , whose aim would paralizar the programme nuclear as , . accommodation , according sources Israelis , not only the central of Isfahán , but also the installations of Natanz , where . enriches uranium .
Menú on of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner pressed
than of a third of the children with age 25-to-30 between the 9 and 13 years have problems of obesity , where the obesity affects the 9 % of the population school and the obesity the 5 % .
The children overweight from in their majority of families with a lifestyle of life that not is healthy , according . from of investigations current .
It again to demonstrate what is the importance the environment where . overall for a development healthy of the person , so as the models that serve of reference .
In the table , the children obsesos . fuel , by example , of pressed the least with the double of often that the children of families with weight normal .
For at , more the 19 % of the overweight had cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis , the which is linked the programme of prevention &apos; The obesity not is a casualidad &apos; .
In the families of children with obesity not there preparation of people sports , what which is applies to the majority of the families current , where only the 15 % of the children replied that their parents , the least a time by week , are time for the exercise physical .
Survey so to 900 children
The survey . was to end the last year school and took in the same almost 900 children of Education Básica of whole keeping .
already was the second edition the programme of &apos; The obesity of not is a casualidad &apos; , that supports the Compañía of certain Sanitario General and the company Unilever .
far now , have participated in the project more of 12 billion children since the 4º to the 8º course .
A dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , that do decrease a the number of children with obesity and even obesity .
&apos; only the half of the children encuestados have would that have five lunches joys according the regime : Breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , that is a of the conditions in for a dieta healthy &apos; , - one of the results of the survey .
, Breakfast but with embutido for at
The specialists avisan of that , in a development healthy , are important , also , the details , that also have , as by example have a time set for the Breakfast in family .
In keeping , not However , only the 23 % of the families of schoolchildren desayunan to the same time .
In the majority of the families , each one desayuna only .
But what worst was be that in the 10 % of the who not . desayuna nothing .
The Breakfast is , without however , the basis of a dieta daily right .
The study shows that in the families of children overweight . consume with very more often the insanas potatoes fritas .
Almost all - regardless the weight - they to on refrescos dulces ( 70 % ) .
, rule general do sport more the 40 % of the children encuestados , without however , pronounced their parents this result . reduces to least of the half , only the 15 % .
Fabrícate your dieta
The next stage the study posibilitó that the chavales elected ( 204 boys and 172 girls of 13 schools ) . creasen their own which to from of all the at possible according their tastes and views .
&apos; The preferences food of the children Czech in age 25-to-30 between the 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , are very removed of what ideal . &apos;
Among their food favourite . are the pasta , the meat and the dulces
&apos; is on all alarming the popularity of the refrescos dulces &apos; , . by in the report end the study .
As food main . has the palma the pasta and to still of close the meat of ave .
less , the children reject always the legumbre and the will by the fish and the I is very under .
Cambio to habits made
At same time , the study shows that the children are prepared to change their habits food if receive the information fair .
&apos; In the group of control of the participants in the study , that rellenaron the cuestionario after of end the programme of prevention &apos; The obesity not is a casualidad &apos; , . was in many cases a change important to favour of the principles of a food healthy &apos; , . as in the results the study .
Llama the attention , by example , what concerning to the refrescos dulces , where many children empezarían to preferir the water normal and aware .
The children also elegirían with more often in the cuestionario the meat of ave and the fish for the food main and restringirían the consumption of food fresh and the derivatives of harina .
The estilista has of be also a good psychologist , maintain the professionals
In the Article introductorio , How about the estilistas , already I quejé a little of that the lessons initial already were quite cargadas .
not had or idea of how would for .
Conferencias of three professionals the ramo , how he to - problem and , also , a seminar on how works in the world the spectacle .
And will worst .
observance more close are the examinations end , more information and tasks practices us aguardan
And but the course . develops each Saturday and Sunday , already not There a alfiler .
We time we studied with the there , Alena , ( in the course not there no man ) on how he to the woman that not has a simetría perfect .
And so is the great majority .
&apos;So is cuellicorto , someone has a on estilizada without the curvas right and someone suffering obesity .
The estilista has of know arise ópticamente a shoulders anchos , alargar a bottleneck or recrear the curvas necessary
We have given certain noticed on how to I the body of women the kind of Jennifer oxide , of pechos and caderas enormous but cintura close and the same time not vestirla of a way too desafiante
If , by example , the difference between the cintura and the caderas is so that the attracted or the trousers not . adaptan , is the worth done coser the least a paper of separatist extra to measure .
, doubt not . arrepentirán , because the clothes that where perfectly is impagable .
With a attracted to measure . relieved a better that with a that not for of get , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc
The body estilizado . can allow he clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados .
There certainly many types of information various and of bodies , so that I readjust of that have of whole the week for to order in my head whole this information .
E even so , I afraid that with the task asignada , already I more that of too .
. each participant in the course . to have allocated two famous , to the that must solutions two vestuarios : one for the day and another for the night .
There that have in account the aspect current , the lifestyle of fashionable that . adecue to the person in question .
I has tocado &apos; he &apos; to Miranda Kerr , perhaps the conozcáis of the campaign of Victoria &apos; &apos;s Secret .
Grito by within , for me is a better that , by example , Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera , that recently will engordado a hundred 75-kilo ( by favour , have in account the That ) , or the jovencísima Selena Gómez .
The I we that recortarlos of the weeklies or buscarlos in Internet and imprimirlos , for after elaborarlos wholeheartedly .
The moodboard , that is as . is the result completely , This also our lifestyle personal and our relationship with the design gráfico .
is important also think in the part gráfica the estilismo .
The estilista , by therefore , not viste only physically , but that also . as , by example , of the pages of products in the weeklies ( of subjects specific , as trends , bolsos , coats , etc ) .
In all this us spoke the estilista and leather Mauro Kameník .
But all this already is for the Sunday .
The estilista has of have a vision global .
The three invited specialists him the conference the Saturday with information on all kind of bodies .
The estilista Honza Pokorný , the leather of fashionable Jakub Polanka and the fotógrafo of fashionable Ben Renč .
Jakub us reminded that the fashionable is a illusion and the estilista should saberle from party to this .
And a good estilista know work with a same prenda of he of forms various .
The variabilidad is , in this case , fundamental .
So , the such gabardina ( or as say in English , trench-coat ) . can he to what stale with vaqueros and camiseta , but also serves for he the body half-naked with shoes of tacón and fotografiarlo as if it in reality a clothing .
Or well enough arremangarla and higher the bottleneck for obtain a image completely different .
&apos; Jugad with this &apos; , us discussed .
What that more valoro is the next board : &apos; For start to work , ago lack that first conozcáis all the rules &apos; .
&apos; Then already &quot; romperlas &apos; , said Jakub .
, end I is clear by what memorizamos all these Interesting , what . being with what , by what , if then is that in the weeklies of fashionable us are results different .
That without about of the desfiles .
Thank the fotógrafo Ben , I that a estilista has that have more types of clothes in the reserve of the that intended fotografiar .
So , for a history of fashionable that have ten pages ( by therefore , ten outfits ) , there that have splendid , lists for use , the least fifteen .
And also that the photos the clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different to the that . mines in the reality .
all this there that times in account to the time of solutions the outfit .
Honza Pokorný us was that the image and the lifestyle excessive them alone , in many cases , the half the success .
only look to Madonna , that not is precisely a as extraordinary , but the image and the márquetin have fact of it a star world .
In keeping , by the time , not there still a trend clear to use the services of the estilistas .
far the - famous also what are pointless ( I mere my skills , my aspect physical not has so importance ) .
And when someone us pida our services , there that have in account that is very likely that us indiquen a stature very different to the their real ( will ) .
Then only is guglear and physically if the weeklies the heart already have writing on the issue , if a certain celebridad has engordado / adelgazado , etc
The Sunday , Honza and Mauro us insistieron in that the estilista not to enough orientarse in the fashionable , but that has that understand of outfit .
During their work , on all . must communicate with the people to the that viste , by what that is fundamental be a good psychologist .
dumb appreciate to the people , not . ago of least , stand their views .
&apos; When a there you contrata for that to clasifiquéis the vestuario and . what completéis with prendas fine , not &quot; take and throwing all what that had and say : &apos; huy what horror &apos; &apos; .
&apos; Encontrad the least a couple of things that podáis ponderar and recommend for that someone . the can to &apos; , says Mauro .
He same also us was that all must caber in the so-called &apos; placovka &apos; , is say , the stock of work .
This . set around of the cintura and . have there all the tools necessary .
are items as nail , as nail , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . There also balance of nailon ( that to serves the estilista for the session of photos of products such that bolsos or gorros ) , pinzas special of enganche of prendas by front , if this outside greater ( the alfileres and another kind of enganches not are permitidos , therefore could damage the fabric ) , or a at of remnant .
For not slogans in the usual pasiva and to something in practice , we learned to revestir the suela of the shoes .
Even for the part-session of photos in the study , in a surface flat , . could damage the suela and a more still the foreign .
And not did more that revestir and revestir .
not We play the shoes with the nail for not dañarlos by accident .
So that had that be very hábil .
Mauro I has given a joy the who my work without reserves .
The truth is that not . I are very well these skills .
This is only a small part of all the that we heard for all the end of week , in the second part the course .
already I I given account that commit the estilismo to level professional not is a way of rose-tinted , but I . exactly as what that telling the people .
In Need for Speed : The Run . disappear by whole America .
Reseña
A journey , in principle despreocupado , . complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a journey routine for the time of morning .
In certain measure . managed cover the expectations , but this not serves of nothing , if , in reality , not . intended to nothing so .
The new over , to the that the title . adds The Run , kindled large expectations already before of their estreno .
Prometía that would new aires to the former saga of to Need for Speed and , to result of what shown , is as a at that not should end being other time a gender of action without more .
also us we curiosos by know how bee the scenes insertadas , where the like main falling the car and wearing by their own ordinary .
As is happen in the series of NFS , the results not an great thing regard to what that us those .
There to that . can give by volumes , but in the cómputo total . Some points to cause of failures absurd , that already come apareciendo in the series since ago years .
In reality not . can or calling errors , but that . is more well of the desgana incomprehensible of the programadores .
The adventure starts very well .
It you predictability in a history , whose leading , as , has certain problems personal ; for resolverlos , . to does participate in a career illegal by whole America .
Os sentáis the volante in the at westwards , in St Franz , and tardiness.&apos; mission is to the first to New York .
The idea is offer something interesting .
The route . into in ten stages and , then , in more of fifty to .
In this . follows that each career has place by a route different and the stages are localizadas in different forestry , that are quite various and interesting .
In that way , one not has or remotamente the that of that the at will always what same .
Some of the forestry are even agradables to the view , but the level technical the gráfico is equivalent the of evidence previous of the series .
, therefore , not is nothing the another world .
But the walk by the desert , the landscape otoñal or the high mountains covered of snow is a effect about very , .
In , the to . diversifican of time in when by a element atípico .
So , by example , in the desert you encontráis a storm of bit that ever the visibility .
In change , in the mountains there that have care for that not you sepulte a avalancha .
According that , each a of the to is very well developed .
only there a couple of models , but with that enough .
During a time , intentáis adelantar to a amount of rival exigida ( what normal in a career classical ) , after tratáis of win time ( duel stale cronometrado ) and then you expected a duel against a only adversario .
In a of all this is to sometimes the police , that not ago but obstruct still more the things .
The - are the landscape outside the car .
It have animaciones interactivas when as , in the majority of the cases , has of escape of someone and you.&apos; you that ayudarlo , always pulsando the botón fair in the time fair .
Nothing complicated .
It surprising , without however , that has enough least landscape in the at of what that be wait ( in particular there only three ) .
But the result end is positive , because this element not is to be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of the elements that do that the at it more interesting .
The model of underlined still the fingerprinting of the episodes previous .
That to say that to day of today already not be great thing , but not . can that that be There .
If buscáis a simulación realistic , already &quot; to in other part .
But to a career office-bound with quite action to appropriate quite this lifestyle of underlined , but we find something better between the games of the competition .
far here , all in order .
But the problems emerge after of a true time .
. difference of what right of the models of underlined , already not happens what same with the collisions .
In games of this kind not There wait that recree deformaciones and collisions complicated , but of fact before of a coup against any subject , not &quot; predict how reaccionará vuestro prosecution , with what which not all is in order .
is typical that , the to a adelantamiento very ajustado or able the prosecution with a traffic normal , so only has covered roces , but in other situations almost identical , vuestro prosecution has doing piruetas descontroladas .
Or even has completely destroyed .
Thank the system of reseteo , not emerge large problems , but can poneros of is humour .
The reseteos are programados of such way that , when sufres a accident or you sales of the back , the at you restituye the last point of rescue in the back .
, however , in each career only . at of five reseteos available .
If the consumís all , you that restart the career since the principle .
So therefore not is more that a aid in case of that something not will well , but not is very of fiar .
. sometimes , or the reseteo aid , only aid the aprenderse the stage upsurge of memory .
A great disadvantage the at is that the ourselves facts . are in different places .
In some curvas , by example , there that into of a way specific ; of another way , are being of take .
Others sometimes you encontráis in some website vehicles &apos; civilians &apos; always with the same configuration , but estéis the first , quintos or lleguéis five minutes before or after .
This ago of rabiar on all in situations , when veis that two autos that will the I in directions suppress , your contrincante adelanta without problems , but when llegáis , debéis girar or well ruthless .
is as when lleguéis , because is programmed by that the &apos; surprise &apos; always will front of release narices .
The adversaries have also a advantage more .
During whole the starting llegaréis to websites where , without have in account the time , always you adelantará the same adversario in the same website .
In this happens the end of the starting , in a long bridge , what which is still more chocante .
Vuestro oponente must to before that you.&apos; , the price that be .
When is front of you.&apos; , you difficult the vision of the autos that come of with , so that the principle &quot; to papilla the car .
It can understand the idea of create a at with maximum takes of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is so Apparent that surely you decepcione delay .
And is a worth , because but the model the journey be simple , the at is fun and with action , of way that to often not is possible to the detail what that is or where .
And really . as , if the merit . has the idea with fifty runs standardise or the classification in the career for that not quepa the platitude , or any other thing .
A idea inhabitual is the change of autos for the to .
You that be to to the surtidores of petrol the hand of the road , because precisely there you that change of prosecution , but in the great majority of the cases you suffice what that you .
The autos . into in three categories .
The sport are We for areas urban , the autos strong Americans for the motorways rectas and the exóticos superdeportivos for a underlined technical , by example , by roads of mountain with curvas .
In balance narrativo main also is a balance of challenges parallel , is say , there to in places specific that conoceréis by the stories .
here conseguiréis not only haul , but also points of experience for vuestro profile , that serves therefore for the challenges as the cuentos .
At achieve the level higher , the driver . to open several for , beginning by the prosecution and acabando with funds for the profile .
At same time , there conectada a role Autolog in line , that it vuestros results with the of other players and disponibiliza other duties Community .
One of the elements more difficult of understand is how is nation the last career in the history .
With the car llegáis to the tunnel the metre ( pass ) , where you ponéis to caused to shameful by the to ( pass ) .
The velocímetro you mark between 150 and 200 km / h ( pass ) and , of suddenly , by behind you is the convoy the metre and . you has by front without more .
In the significant surely we a discussion on this for several days , on if for the programming the at none was even a little or if the authors of truth us take by a bunch of bobos .
The part technical the at not is nothing so , but the least the effects visuales general are in the majority of the cases agradables , to sometimes to soberbios .
Well what worth that , in the at more tensos . reduces the quality of image and , in times , of a way serious .
This affects on all to the accidents where there involucrados many participants , when the quality of image continual already not is valid .
The audio is well and the bandwidth sonora is a question of tastes .
. end of that be the welcome to the greater part the group youth , the bandwidth sonora belongs to the category &apos; each one of their father and of their mother &apos; , but . can mean that nobody well-informed the at only by their music .
The that end of Need for Speed : The Run is therefore quite confused .
If the at evitase errors absolutely thinks , us we problems in that that The Run is the better at of NFS of the last years .
are the that of that the at not is completed .
The diversión is asegurada , but preparaos because the errors you slap in the eyes with the force of a reflectores of airport .
The coros of the University Carolina attending in the of &apos; Estudiantes of Terciopelo &apos; .
The since jointly the Day International of the Estudiantes and the anniversary of the Revolution of Terciopelo as experience musical will place by third time in the festival Festa Academica .
During the same , . presented twenty corales of centres of secondary and It .
The festival revolves in about to two concerts the 17 of November .
&apos; The University Carolina has a high participation in the festival &apos; .
Among the coros current are the Coral of the struck of Pedagogía and the struck of Humanidades , in the committee the festival . is the rector Václav Hampl &apos; , said the responsible of the organisation , Jakub Čaloun .
The summit of all the festival is the entry free for all the public the of of the coros of secondary , that . will the 17 of March to the 14 hours front of the Libraría Technical National in Dejvice .
The programme account with the participation the jazzista Czech Karel Růžička and their Celebration Jazz Mass .
, the night . will in the places of since of the House he in Vynohrady the of &apos; Estudiantes of Terciopelo &apos; , in that attending corales universitarias , including the praise of the Uninversidad Carolina .
The Festa Academica has as to not only there from the Day International of the Estudiantes and remember the 22º anniversary of the Revolution of Terciopelo , but also to the public the music Coral the more high level and promote the creation colaborativa between young .
The inflated main is the Union Czech of Corales in cooperation with the Institute of Secundaria Jan Kepler .
all the acts contaron with the support the Mayor of Prague , Bohuslav Svoboda , and the rector of the University Carolina , Václav Hampl .
The festival relating between the 16 and the 20 of November between Prague and Pardubice .
The timetable does , also of the concerts celebrativos , whole a series of events music , performances makeshift of students and concerts matinales .
The interested will find more information in the Indeed the festival www.festaacademica.cz
The her to the EU , Vicenová :
The Czech have a ensure of negativistas and eurosceptics .
&apos; The treaty of Lisbon has affected significantly the balance between the institutions individual &apos;
&apos; not I than that . montase a war without Álava &apos; .
&apos; Durará five , six years , before of that the situation . estabilice a little , . calme and the new players . acostumbren to their new papers &apos; , so began with conviction their conference in the struck of law the her Czech to the EU , Milena Vicenová .
How not factored in seriously their slogan &apos; clear and openly on Europe &apos; , that said already in the first part of their conference , when managed under each body of the EU and their relations with such precise and clarity , therefore would the envidia of many Greater of the struck of law of the U. Carolina .
Vicenová also ponderó the work of the new President permanent the Council European , Herman will Rompuy :
&apos; What first emerge the criticisms , that if is insulso , a official grey , capable of in any role , but I of say that with to all is , because moderating their gender to the mastered &apos; .
&apos; is a man that know listen to the Member of the 27 states , communicate with them and that has a vision clarísima of towards where must go the EU &apos; .
The new since of representative of the Policy External and Security . explains to from of the question : &apos; ? Who is this EU ? ? . what number I llamarla ? &apos; . It is therefore of a step important towards the unification and the clarification of of the union policy of face to States as China or India .
Nobody to prohibirnos the cheese of Olomouc
Vicenová . has occupied also of the agenda was , still and will the Council European in the future next .
The presidency Czech of ago two years was a success .
The Czech . Dublin of the crisis economic shining , worked the crisis the gas and organised a summit for the Partnership Eastern .
The fall the government in time time . lighthouse as a aspect very negative , that back seriously to keeping .
The representation Czech in the EU has by the time many commitments .
In words of the her : &apos; a good mighty &apos; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , that . is trying now .
, another hand , there that approve the budget for seven years of the EU , caused by the current situation economic , a more very .
If the budget is more simple and effective , ? what sectors will priority , what countries will greater support and what least ? That is something that will present in the agenda of the next meeting .
The her reminded also their lemas main , with the that came to Europe : &apos; Acerca of Europe with clarity &apos; .
&apos; What true is that not I them the abreviaciones feas , the extranjerismos or the jergas that the people not understand &apos; .
&apos; ? How can a citizen understand that in Brussels not . invent of truth the curvature the curvature curvos or redondos , bananas of various sizes or that nobody us is to ban the cheese of Olomouc ? &apos; .
also intended from more from the environment of the EU and closer to more citizens Czech to the institutions European .
We expected the Europe of the multi-speed
According the her , the Czech have reputation of eurosceptics and the people is more well the aspects negative that the positive .
In , lamentó the low participation of the Czech in the institutions European .
The fault is of a of factors , as the modestia of our candidates , their inability for write messages of motivation , but also the little support of the Czech .
In the success of the presidency Czech , it of highlighted the force and the cooperation the Group of Visegrad .
&apos; Créanme that when who to me a Polish and a Hungarian and . I about a Slovak , a French to my hand I says : &apos; ? What , already away been , the the Group of Visegrad ? &apos; , and . is that not to ago no grace &apos; .
In the future , to the EU , according Vicenová , to aguardan new regulations durísimas of policy budgetary for the States Member .
It is as something very real the concept of the two multi-speed , if not are more , in Europe , more that the new of &apos; the Federation European &apos; .
&apos; We countries in the Eurozona and countries outside of the Eurozona &apos; .
&apos; We the space Schengen and we also the procedure of cooperation from &apos; .
&apos; It said by first time that only cooperen the countries that want and the that not , that . that outside &apos; .
&apos; These procedures will each time more and reinforced the Europe of the two multi-speed &apos; , . expected Vicenová .
In this sense , also skills the role of keeping and of Herman will Rompuy in the implementation the principle , according the which all the subjects that affect to the whole of the EU . must discuss between the states Member , not only between the Member of the Eurozona .
Brand story :
The innovative IBM as their Secondly century of existence
If someone buscase a term that definiese with great precise the strategy of IBM , the more shorter would &apos; long term &apos; .
For the public general , IBM is the symbol of a revolution technological , a company that . is as current and , without however , already have so hundred years since their foundation .
The basis of this nature largoplacista the it the first head of the signing , the resolute Greek J. addressing Mr
already he coined the slogan of that many problems the world have solution if the people is ready to think .
Their slogan &apos; Think ! &apos; . became in their you , in about the which . fare federalist the life the future heralded ( was also the title of a magazine internal that IBM began to publish in 1935 ) .
addressing was also the basis of a culture of company with levantada .
&apos; For us , IBM means a thinking to long term , a movement continuous in direction the future .
IBM has sobrevivido and been for hundred years by that reason , because . remained faithful to their principles as , but without would to the changes around .
That us has allowed , for our first century , into the technology , the business and the society .
We - still more in our Secondly century &apos; , said for their anniversary , the current director of the company Samuel J. Palmisano .
A system sofisticado
addressing , already in the years 30 , . preocupó the care of their employees as the his of Baťa in keeping ( the employees of IBM were of the first workforce Americans that gozaron of holiday pagadas , sure , uniform elegant and a sofisticado system of remains that premiaba to the best inventores and sellers .
The same sofisticación to long term the in IBM in the relationship with the client .
already since the principle the company was be talentos ( the be a of the first companies world in end with any kind of discrimination , could choose without problems ) .
In the line of the strategy Anti-discrimination is the plan current of IBM , by the that to Palmisano what sustituirá the year that next a woman : Virginia Rometty .
She already has working 30 years in IBM , where has been head of sales , márquetin and strategies .
During the last years IBM has participated of the called events lot , rain of ideas in line , of the that emerge redesign of future strategies and bringing .
not is of stunning that sobren ideas , therefore in the signing working almost a million of people .
A institution with good ensure
The position set in the business provided to the company a image internal and external strong .
&apos; Since the principle , IBM remained a concept of institution more that of company technological &apos; , says the , teacher of the Harvard &apos; School and autora the book on IBM Rosabeth Moss Kanter .
&apos; IBM not is a company technological , but a company that is resolve problems of business for users of the technology &apos; , puntualiza Orwell Colony of the consultora Forrester Roslin .
As the own company says there a difference between into in the business and create directly a business .
IBM - or the &apos; Britain Green &apos; - as . the known in the US familiarmente to cause of their logo , . has become in the last hundred years in a of the over companies the world .
is possibly the company technological more versátil ( develops therefore equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services it website within of a wider range of services , that will since humble to nanotecnología ) .
Ostenta the greater number of patent of all the companies tecnológicas faith and five of their employees have received the was Nobel .
Among their inventos . are the cash cash , the cards of payment , the permutas financial , the codes of bars and the disquetes .
IBM facturará this year 220 billion million of dollars . This year . has become in the second signing technological by coverage of market ( the first is Apple ) , when overtook by first time in 1996 to Microsoft .
Mirando the future
not all the products and bringing just of satisfy the will of the customers and the time ( IBM not apostó by their own system operational , OS / 2 , services in line Prodigy or computers IBM PCjr ) .
&apos; If their business . on in move , not can anclarse influenced in the last &apos; , extended Samuel J. Palmisano .
, that , IBM not has problems in build their foundation in other platforms ( and also , if not work , the or ) .
And this the difference of the competition , Microsoft , that basically . in and is always exclusively with Windows .
Technology of future
In question of sales , IBM . he on all to services , of the that approximately a fifth part are of programmes and other fifth of equipment .
With all , still in 1990 the equipment represented more of the half of the share of the suppliers .
. from the year 2000 , IBM has sold active of under performance by a value total of 15 billion million of dollars . During in the same period , has made 58 billion million of dollars in the buying of technology of future .
The investments have followed since 2008 , when by first time . manifested the modern crisis financial world .
IBM acts according the premises of their first head , Greek J. addressing , who for the great crisis economic the 29 increased the investments .
It that to now the company IBM has known capear the crisis .
The value of the actions of IBM since the beginning the year 2008 has grown estratosféricamente to a 120 % , the benefit net of the company not has longer of increase .
The motto of IBM is amended all , unless their value .
It can , therefore , wait that when missed the next crisis , this heralded flexible aguantará .
history of IBM : since the cortadora of meats to the flights space
The company IBM ( International &apos; Machines ) . founded in New York ago hundred years , being their name original Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation .
The name IBM . which already in the year 1924 - originalmente . was of a mark used in the sucursales of Canada and America the South .
The basis that was place the birth of IBM arises of the merger of four companies that . Fléchard to the the of 1880 .
Poseía inventos as the famous &apos; clock of fichar &apos; , that allows control the entry and an of the employees .
The architect of the new company was the man of business Charles Ranlett Flint , who to 1930 also which their board supervisor .
Flint fichó the head of a company of the competition , Greek J. addressing , for that what ayudase with the management of the company .
The new leader eclipsó the founder of IBM ( the ideas of addressing are being the basis firm on the that . sustentan the culture and identity corporativas ) .
addressing house-building the company to the year &quot; .
IBM , such as points their name , began with the production and sale of all kind of equipment for business , since cortadores of meat and cheese to boxes retailers .
During the four first years that addressing house-building the company , the charging . duplicó in 9 million of dollars and began the great expansion of the company by the continents .
addressing was so crucial for the company that , almost after as years may the wheelchair the head , was potential by their son , Greek addressing Junior .
Under their direction , IBM began to work in the development of the intelligence artificial and developed the first language of programming .
In the years 60 the personal and the computers of IBM ayudaron to the NASA to guiar the flights the space ( to Mercurio , rings and in 1969 the famous flight to the Moon ) .
While therefore , in 1964 IBM developed the first generation of computers , the series IBM System / 360 .
The clásicos &apos; pecés &apos; , that instauraron the standard of computers of time time , came the market with the name of IBM 5150 in 1981 .
Twenty years after , IBM miscalculations their production of computers to the company Chinese Lenovo , the which , by their part , gained the part of evaluate of the company Pricewaterhouse Coopers and began to offer a completely advice and services of high value added .
The strategy that has paid IBM these three last years is the concept Smarter Planet , is say , &apos; a planet more intelligent &apos; .
Their aim is to a use more save of the technology , but still not . have planned the areas or . has just the circumstances , by example , in what concerning the transport and the administration of cities .
For the sector the trade , IBM presented not ago a the platform &apos; Smart Commerce &apos; that allows to the retailers manage the cycle trade completely .
IBM has a long history in this country .
already in dissolved was a branch in the Czechoslovakia of then , the first country that the had in the Europe Central and Eastern .
Today here , the IBM ČR operates also the centre strategic of externalización in Brno .
The based for Europe Central and Eastern has is in Prague . also here there a team of research of reputation world that working with the recognition of voice .
Rychtářová about of their husband infiel :
! Iveta , state-practised to that burro , that already not what I !
Darina Rychtářová ( 53 ) said ! . is !
After of that their husband Josef Rychtář ( 53 ) . had become in the only fretting of Iveta Bartošová ( 45 ) , but also their lover , Darina was taking the hope of that Josef . despertara of their dream rose-tinted and would to home .
, however already not is to wait and has established rules clear for the life in the future .
&apos; Pepe can again to home , but already not as my couple &apos; , he Rychtářová .
When Darina Rychtářová took for the summer to Bartošové in their home , not could or imagine how which their marriage .
. despite of the request , Iveta not . had shift 30 days after of Říčany and Pepe not occasion to the as .
far declared should that the loved .
With the time , Darina . resignó , is accepted the relationship of their husband and even . despidió of he for always .
. Rychytář not to care with who . acuesta their woman .
If a day Rychtář rompiera with Bartošová , their woman not what esperaría in home with the sit open .
is the father biológico of my children and , if to live the rest of their life in our home , nobody what echará &apos; .
&apos; But here would not already as my wanted and old borrico that . equivocó , but as a man the that I between certain links &apos; , said Rychtářová and Yes that already . had desenganchado of their husband and stayed only in the respect mutual .
. Josef to now not to care that . woman to has closed the door of back .
&apos; Polledo the decision of my woman &apos; .
&apos; Estaré with Iveta and not there change possible &apos; .
&apos; My woman set this as a marriage on the role and I what respect &apos; .
&apos; The company still in force , I the arreglos of home , cuido the garden , the home , I the purchases &apos; .
&apos; Darina and I us are with as , what only is that not we bed , said Rychtář .
If Rychtářová encontrase a new love , he not . opondría .
&apos; not dormimos together and it not I interested , or where is or if has some novio .
already I that is fault my , I enamoré of Iveta and asumo whole the responsibility &apos; , 1.5m Josef .
The worst devil of the women : ? also . refer to you ?
If pedís to the men that are able of quote some devil classic of the women , in general each one of them the nombrará without think .
Queridas women , ? you reconocéis in the lines following , where . citan certain devil femeninos that obtaining to hervir the blood to the male ?
Ir of purchases
? I reprocha to their average we that has on of the purchases ?
? It that ordinary by what least a trapito in week ?
? I like buy to often in the cheap ?
then in their case . can say that go of purchases . has become in a vice .
Some women . are account that should appease their pasión by the purchases , by what least a little .
But to see , ? what woman could resistir the temptation of wander without more by the shops of clothes , to prendas well ajustadas and after probárselas all in the probador ( idealmente in all colours different ) ?
Although for the majority of the women go of purchases is a playground , for the men can become virtually in a hell .
only democrat how sometimes already to has said to their couple that better the espere front of the door .
The dissatisfaction constant
&apos; ? not I too blind ? &apos;
&apos; Necesitaría adelgazar by what least five 75-kilo - ? should start to to exercise ? &apos;
&apos; ? In truth you will ? &apos;
? not to sound these sentences ?
? . that itself ?
then is a of these women obsesionadas by their aspect .
not is that you should to of cuidarse , but many men are alérgicos to listen to their couple quejarse all the time of their aspect physical .
The sex strong also is of agreement in that As more is the often of the complaints , more molestas . them the women .
The order and the tidying in first place
is as a tiovivo infinito .
Limpiar the windows , to the aspiradora , fregar the soil , validity the dust , fregar the swimming and all that by what least two sometimes by week .
? I reprocha to their couple that to has pisado the soil fair with a ordinary dirty , to their children that have persuaded a lavabo would rolls and a estantería with doors of glass that therefore to cost its ?
In case of that you sufra this &apos; handicap &apos; , pruebe to be aware of that nothing . should - and that the order and the tidying surely not should should be primordiales in the family .
This I inofensivo of tidying could amenazar their relations and the welfare family .
it comments unpleasant
&apos; The calzoncillos category . leave with the clothes soiled . &apos;
&apos; Quieres ponerte also morning these calcetines category &apos;
&apos; ! The trapo were not . is in the soil ! &apos;
If ago these cometarios to their couple more sometimes the day , will that so will bag of their skilled .
course . You not to say nothing There , only to to that all is in order .
As time , if the men supiesen this , the women , by their part , not would many comments .
Calumnias and chismes
. some women them will also the calumnias , the chismes , but also the ofensas and the conspiración against someone .
The women . concentran in the relations , by that them like about Money of things the kind who , where , with who , how and by what .
. what better to each a of source to sometimes . to escapa a small and inofensivo chisme .
With the hand in the heart , this is own of almost all the women .
, another hand , there women chismosas of these that not . monitored , to the that them love chismorrear and what do to often , desprecian to all and are dangerous for the that the around , on all in a team labour female .
Jágr and Voráček ayudaron with their asistencias to through the Philadelphia
The delantero of Ice Jaromír Jágr part the Monday in the I of NHL with two asistencias that trajeron the victory on the Philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of Carolina and again to to to the players Czech in the forefront of the competition .
In both cases Claude Giroux availed the ground of the star of 39 years , and was a step more and was declared better player the party .
It adjudicó two asistencias in the party and also the about of Jágr , Jakub Voráček .
After the I , Jágr said to the journalists of overseas that Giroux had predicted a great night .
&apos; already before the party to had said that would triplete &apos; .
&apos; What presentía &apos; .
&apos; . sometimes seem emboscadas &apos; , he Jágr , after of that their action to diese a gol to Giroux , to result the first trallazo the Flyers .
A pink after also the second intervention the team had a trace Czech .
Voráček . was with the disco by behind of the portería of the Hurricanes and what movió between the circles to Maxim Talbot , that metió gol .
A Secondly before of the first pause a player local , chairmanship Dwyer , was expulsado , but since the principle of the second part already dominaron the Flyers .
particular by Giroux .
After cooperate with Jágr metió the third gol , after of that their disparo . colase by the quarter of the portería of Wayne Simmonds .
&apos; I love play with he &apos; .
&apos; not I say that be the better player of the cancha , but without doubt is between the three best &apos; , ponderó Jágr to their central .
&apos; never . I would happened that the end of my career was to play with a deportista as he &apos; .
&apos; I very pleased of this &apos; .
&apos; I play for he &apos; .
all these years in the NHL , my colleagues jugaban for me , and that now is results &apos; , adds Jágr .
Carolina still became the party in a wedlock , with the gol of Tuom Ruutu and then of new of Dwyer , of penalti , to only to a gol of distance .
Matt Read not allowed more complications , but ended overcome in number of two against one .
&apos; Pronger had a good action in our field &apos; .
&apos; Despejó the disco , I I speed and Read . was towards the part more alejada &apos; .
&apos; Traté of atinarle the disco and I with because what conseguí &apos; , describía Voráček the last gol the party such as what lived .
With their victory , Philadelphia . has since in head of the Conference This .
The of Czech the Montreal , Jaroslav Špaček , not rugby to the end the party against Buffalo , in the Secondly third . - by a minor in the part higher the body .
The Canadiens not only lost a player with very experience in defence , but also by a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 .
Tomáš Plekanec not was take one of the shots .
than that the points recovered the you local lamentó the great amount of lesionados in the last class , and play the party only with five have .
&apos; That is There &apos; .
&apos; Jugamos the party only with a player contractor , the rest were noveles &apos; .
&apos; In end , but is that against that not . can to nothing , we that lidiar with this &apos; , said Jacques Martin .
&apos; Both rotar to the players . the against us , not what we resistir &apos; .
&apos; We that simplify more still the at , from the disco of our field &apos; .
&apos; And so stop bits &apos; , he one of the have , P. K. Subban .
The portero Ondřej Pavelec played with 30 speeches the Winnipeg in the victory of 5 : 2 on the Tampa Bay .
The goals of Jets were liberties by five players that put so end to a series of derrotas that already duraban five parties .
How have which the prices of the travel since 1989
far 1989 had in the Czechoslovakia of then only five agencies of travel state get : Čedok , Sporturist , CKM , Rekrea and Autoturist .
The agencies of travel of time time vendían in the majority of the cases travel only the bloc socialist , therefore the travel to West were very restringidos .
The tourists Czech would , by therefore , of holiday to the beaches of the sprinkler ( Republic Democratic German ) , to the Union Soviet , ( Sochi in Crimea in the Sea Black ) to Bulgaria and Romania ( both in the Sea Black ) and to Hungary ( Balaton ) .
A exception positive was the period for between 1962 and Programmes , when . could travel to Yugoslavia , without however , after the regime yugoslavo . inclinó towards the westwards and the travel of the tourists Czech were then quite restringidos .
A great - the socialism was the fact that to the citizens the bloc socialist ( or be , also to the Checoeslovacos ) not . them permitiese travel free and processing or even by the countries socialists .
If a citizen wanted travel processing , by example , to Poland or to the Union Soviet , needed a letter of invitation , if not , the journey individual not was possible .
The agencies of journey ofrecían in those times also travel the East , but one . should to to the EU with a together of eye and to so whole the night , or have &apos; good known &apos; in the agency .
yet so not all was cattle .
The so-called &apos; promise of change &apos; that was the condition for the travel the East , not . concedía to the &apos; people politically little reliable &apos; , that so not could travel in all .
The currency checoslovaca not was a currency freely converted and , without guarantee of change , not was possible obtain the resources ( the currency Western ) for travel to West .
The great majority of the Czech experience their holiday in their own country , by what that had a great number of infestation and houses of summer , that the Czech adquirían . This preparation still there .
The way of travel of the Czech has suffered since 1989 a real revolution .
While that to 1989 for us was the not is more to the holiday in the sprinkler or Bulgaria , the year last the Czech did 4.5 million of travel of holiday to countries of all the world .
It nna great - , of the that today day already not are aware , the fact of that the destination currently odds-on , Croatia , to 1989 not . could travel freely , because was part of the Yugoslavia of then .
. principles of the years 90 . imposed the exemption of visa for travel to the States neighbours of Europe Western , what that resulted a wave huge of visits of shorter long-term , sobretodo to Vienna or Germany .
The checoeslovacos , for a time , not . his hartos of the excursiones the East , all the world wanted see the what least by a time .
, example , in Paris dormían the groups of Czech in the parks in shops of campaign , already that our income of then not us permitían pay a hotel or pension .
A feature typical of the Czech of time time was the be for the food ( tomatoes , pressed , etc ) for save .
Another time important was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the nickel Czech , so our tourists could finally , after of decades , buy freely currency Western .
Our level of life aumentaba and with he also the wages media , what that around of 1997 resulted a increase in the demand of travel .
With the increase of the demand of travel they the agencies , to from of 1997 with regularly , to preparation the travel using the Also of flights chárter , what that was down incredibly the prices of the travel in compared with the last , thanks to the possibility of obtain respondents by the volume of passengers .
. end of the 90 the century last , already the Czech found without visa to almost all the countries developed , exception US , what which simplificó still more our travel .
Another time interesting in the history the tourism pos-revolucionario happened already in the 2000 , when was organised , thanks to a huge demand , the first flight direct since keeping to a country exótico , and was to Thailand .
Since time year , proceed all the years flights chárter direct with tourists Czech was countries distant and calurosos . This winter already . volará directly since keeping to 12 destinations exóticos .
The countries exóticos the their currently close of 100 billion Czech the year .
Another time interesting of this time , that symbolises our development pos-revolucionario , came in the year 2008 .
The 17 of November of 2008 , US squeezed the visa for the tourists Czech , with what that our country happened to be between the countries more developed the world .
In 2008 the Czech , by first time in their history , have last more of the half of their holiday in the abroad ( 50,3 % ) and by first time in their history , . have spent in travel the abroad more of 15 billion billion Czech by head , including the expenses in the website of stay .
Convocada House General Ordinaria for choose the President , that could end of new in point died .
Since ago almost five months the football Czech is without President and is likely that the successor of Safronov Hašek as President of the Federation Czech of Futbol ( FAČR ) , not . conocerá or after the call of the next House General Extraordinaria that will place this Thursday in Nymburk .
In fact , still not . has come to a agreement on the rules of vote to to .
, the same , not . will vote even for choose between the three candidates .
The interested to presidir the football Czech are Jindřich Rajchl , Miroslav Pelta and Tomáš Paclík .
Hašek renunció to their office in June not without before convene to their colleagues with the purpose of find a person strong that supiese deals the football in the future .
, however , after of conclude the was Hašek , . used a controversy between the two federaciones of the partnership unable of to to a agreement for decisions a candidate common .
This became in obvious the 16 of September when had that be elected the new President .
The naturally of the House General . met in vain in the House National ( Národní dům ) , on in the area praguense of Smíchov , because the discussions . had blocked and not only in As the method of election .
not . came to no consensus or in As to who in the House General had right to vote - only the representatives legal or also the naturally with non-citizen powers .
. from of that time and because to this only point , . in a agreement - , supported also by the recommendation the Institute of State and law , according the which the representation by non-citizen powers not is possible .
, however , the disputes on the code electoral are open .
than light on the situation already not could throw or the Committee Executive that , in their meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , basically not Vihear nothing .
The opinion on the possibility of vote has changed a couple of sometimes already , but the point nerve still being the same .
The question is the next : ? of what way proceed in the third round for avoid the point died ?
&apos; The dispute revolves in about to if . must proceed of agreement with the estatutos or find another model &apos; , says Dušan Svoboda , one of the three vicepresidentes of the FAČR , that , since the direction of the partnership , represents the futbol professional .
According the model proposed in the estatutos , in the third round going time candidate that have greater percentage of support in the federation to the which will their candidacy .
The Region of Moravia is ready to to to a compromise for that can win time candidate with a greater percentage total of votes in both federaciones .
The part bohemia , without however , which the condition of that the winner , according these are porcentuales , should have the majority of the least two thirds .
&apos; This to quitaría , without however , the sense to the two rounds previous and negaría by completely the concept of system bicameral &apos; , so is as Svoboda understand the concerns of the part morava , according what which what better would not play the order and vote according the estatutos persons .
With what said , surprisingly , is of agreement also Tomaš Paclík , but . is that the regulation electoral established by the estatutos of all the candidates appropriate more to Pelta .
&apos; I like that . votara the maximum of agreement with the estatutos &apos; .
&apos; For that not . inventen no tontería about of the representatives as in the last House General &apos; , says the you of Victoria Plzen , that . postula by first time as candidate and that at their comments mainly in against of Pelta .
Pelta still being positive .
According he , in Nymburk . decide on the new President and he believes that the candidates in the future cooperaran of way constructive .
&apos; All the pasiones . apaciguarán with the party of today of our team national in the Campeonato European .
&apos; The football will to be leading , and so . cooperara more to will &apos; says the representative the Jablonice , that of the three candidates has more experience in management the football , therefore to level professional as regional .
Rajchl is the more reluctant .
&apos; I that . it to a agreement , but , by Unfortunately , the situation is a more very . &apos;
&apos; not . is the conflict between bohemios and moravos , but there attempts of ajustar the rules to their own convenience . &apos;
&apos; This can have as result a new deadlock of the House General . &apos;
&apos; In all case , hope that . band the sense common &apos; , said Rajchl .
already not is a time for that all the parties shall to a agreement .
Some negotiations had that take in Montenegro , but ? who can know to that start the party if the team of football will completely ?
The on special , in the that had that travel to Podgorica , between other the vicepresidentes Dalibor Kucera and Rajchl , not has out this morning by problems technical in Prague , taking that other a alternative for carry to part the committee executive the place where will place the party of classification .
Quizas the meeting decisive , by end , could be the that will place to level ministerial , that , according have , . will this Wednesday .
. Josef Dobeš , minister of Education , Youth and Deportes , to like a integrate to the parties divided to the organisation integrating more powerful the country for that . it to a agreement .
There a in at : the benefits state , the credibility the football and also the next House General the Committee central of the federation checoslovaca the sport ( ČSTV ) that awareness made of a new direction the sport Czech after the problems financial of the home of loterías Sazka .
Paclík luchará by achieve the presidency , because not is a candidate more appropriate .
If the head of the futbolistas of Pilsen , Tomaš Paclik , before of the House General extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate appropriate that satisficiese all their ideas on the new President of the Federation Czech of Fútbol ( FAČR ) , or . would as candidate to a since so relevant .
&apos; If would a person appropriate , would fighting by it and not I would as candidate to the elections . &apos;
&apos; But to the day of today not . has been find a person so &apos; , said Paclík for the Agency of Noticias Czech ( ČTK )
What that justifies to Paclík to into in the challenge with Miroslav Pelta and Henry Rajchl is exactly the possibility of block to Pelta , the course winner of the elections , that opens the way to the presidency of the Federation Czech of Futbol ( FAČR ) .
Paclík also puntualiza that , in case through , permanecería in the office of President only to 2013 , when long-overdue the time of the assembly general ordinary .
In that office to like see to a expert and good workforce that not is too related with the events fans .
&apos; already I about with some people to the that could have in account &apos; .
&apos; For me was a madness hear to some say that in this time or even want identify with the football Czech . &apos;
&apos; I like change that vision &apos; , adds .
What that supposed more bother to Paclík in this time is the relationship of Pelta with the President of the Partnership of Fútbol Regional of Pilsen Polanski Berbr , a man with a last controversial , known outside the mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity of influence in the vote of the naturally in the assembly general .
For Paclík is so unacceptable see to Pelta at in the sillón presidential .
&apos; In case of that gane , . keeping the status existing and nothing in the football will &apos; .
&apos; With the support of Berbra , a man of business ambitious , the football sorry still least from &apos; , said Paclík .
Menciona also the fact of that ago a years the name of Pelta was e-commerce with a usual telephone for the research of a case of corruption , of the which Pelta went impune .
&apos; not I what prestige the football could bring the victory of Pelta . &apos;
&apos; And with what eyes us plead the UEFA and the FIFA &apos; , said Paclík , that also decision-making with certain caution their statement previous that &apos; vendería the Club Pilsen if Pelta . become in President &apos; .
In the case of win the elections the Thursday , Paclík could be the cooperation with Pelta in the future .
In same opinion is the another candidate , Rajchl , that has been supported by Paclík before of the House General of September that end in a fiasco .
&apos; He ( Pelta ) would the first the that solitary &apos; .
&apos; is very capable . &apos;
&apos; I what could imagine , by example , as head of the representation &apos; .
&apos; but not as workforce of a partnership &apos; .
&apos; I not meto the narices there where not I I capable &apos; , added Paclík , that in September suscitó very attention by support the from of the Commission of Árbitros presidida by Ludek Macel , potential after by Dagmar Damkova .
Paclík The that . atrevería to manage the partnership .
Recurre to their capacities of management of the companies private , therefore since the summer last is also the Director-General the Pilsen , that with their support took in May the triunfo in first division .
&apos; I force for change some things in the area of football and make to their practice safe . &apos;
&apos; For reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , that probably tend to influence in the decisions the committee refunded and of appeal , have situations unpleasant , said Paclík without so their antipatías towards the President the Sparta Daniel Křetínský .
A of the priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the FAČR and the Committee Olímpico Checo , with the aid the which ejercía pressure on the leaders political for that pockets more money the sport of the tax of the I .
&apos; is one of the problems key the that . should conducting the new President . &apos;
&apos; If aumentaran the tax on the games of gambling , as what anuncian the parties political , support their arguments , but , tirade , have that tell where is to stop all this money &apos; , out .
Ademas , Paclík now not has in account even their partnership with the Club Pilsner , but he same says that the President of the FAČR must be &apos; not an &apos; .
Pelta is to their time e-commerce with Jablonec and Rajchl with Dukla of Prague .
&apos; not is ideal . &apos;
&apos; But not I sense the fact of yield preach my actions the Club of Pilsen to other person for then again there after a year and a &apos; , said Paclík .
Pelta promised to the FAČR new estatutos that acabarían with the point died of the elections .
Two days before of the House General of the Partnership of Fútbol one of the candidates to the presidency , Miroslav Pelt , promised that , in case of be elected , Coordinating that the FAČR had a new estatutos that sirvieran definitively for right , in the future , the controversy in As the regulation electoral .
The representative the Jablonec is positive in As to the meeting of this Thursday in Nymburk , and believes that the conflict preelectoral could move towards a solution today with the possible victory the team of football .
already before of the elections not made in September , Pelta promised Firstly , in case of be elected , precisely in the representation and in tax-raising funds .
Decidió participate in the last minute in the last assembly general , by what that this be of two months to could go well for defend and to , in a context more broader , their ideas on the management the football .
&apos; The people of all the levels . as the football already ago a time and expected know this Thursday the new President . &apos;
&apos; Sienten that has come the time of that someone gestione the partnership &apos; , think the man that . couples mainly with the Club of Jablonice , but that worked in the Sparta and in the committee executive of the Partnership .
, this reason , believes have enough experience for manage the football Czech .
is convinced that behind of the problems current with the elections is the euphoria that hung in the time of Safronov Hašek .
&apos; Unfortunately , in the House general of June were adopted the estatutos that not were so planned as all thought . &apos;
&apos; If excluimos certain interpretations , we a President already since September &apos; , warned Pelta .
exact the readaptación the document more important of the Partnership Cívica . usó as señuelo for who to the naturally .
&apos; If I eligen President , I what counts as a challenge personal and I prepared to to in case of that this falle . &apos;
&apos; is a question of principles , without the which not we There &apos; , says Pelta .
In , in theory , is not over with their opponents .
already in the last had your that . was mercy with Henry Rajchl , the that respects by their training in law , being aware of that their oponente would also their first Vice-President .
already was a time without attack to Greek Paclík who , the contrary of Pelta , not with pawn with head .
&apos; a more of a year in the world of football , and already has achieved some successes . &apos;
&apos; Their attacks but were vergonzosos and very people became amazed by the campaign electoral . &apos;
&apos; , that many of them dudan on their real nature &apos; , said to their opponent Pelta , that still being faithful to the statements announced already in September .
Their weapon more powerful is , according he , their knowledge the football , since the &apos; more in to the with .
This last should be escaparate of promotion the football .
&apos; also , intentaría right all the escándalos that overview to cause of the Bohemians as result the scandal of corruption the year last . &apos;
&apos; immediately after I involucraría in the negotiations with the sector public and the private , for ensure that has enough money for all the football &apos; , said ago two months to the ČTK the candidate of 46 years .
. continuation also promised that their Members as President the football not comportaría no change personal of the plantilla .
&apos; should that know first the tasks of each he &apos; , said wave to Strahov where , after a long period of anarquía , has a nerviosismo comprehensible .
. despite of the scenarios at current that . vaticinan to the next assembly general , he believes that the naturally not travel in vain this Thursday to Nymburk .
&apos; If the only point of disagreement will how vote in the third round , without doubt what we overcome .
&apos; The football needs credibility , the which . will only if by end has a leader &apos; , still two days before of the &apos; more decisive in their career of representative , Pelta still being positive .
Rajchl enforce , that under their leadership , the FAČR empezaría to work with wish .
If in the quarter House General its elected the current Vice-President Jindrich Rajchl as new President of the Partnership of Fútbol Czech , very people . remuneration surely resentida .
Rajchl enforce that , in case of be elected , . trabajaría hard .
It implement a change systematic and to that the Member the committee executive are responsible of each area the football processing .
also . compromises to resolve the case of the Bohemians , improve the relations with the UEFA and the FIFA , to more money for the football and continue with the work on by the previous President Safronov Hašek .
&apos; As President , I like commit by completely the football &apos; .
&apos; Since the contacts international with the UEFA and the FIFA to the selection , happening by the football professional or the Invariably of young futbolistas of high performance . &apos;
&apos; With this not I say that what would all only &apos; , said Rajchl in a interview for the ČTK .
&apos; I a player of team and I destroy the powers the committee executive of such way that each Member can their to a area taxation . &apos;
&apos; And asignaré tasks difficult for that the football can , in each one of these segmentos , to forward with a momentum &apos; .
&apos; . very people this probably not to gustará , because busies start to work very hard and not only criticise the work of the others &apos; , added .
Due to the atmosphere of criticism in the movement futbolístico , . says that has have the possibility of not stand of new as candidate .
&apos; all know , that work 20 hours joys . &apos;
&apos; But need know that this will sense and that not will people behind of my that I – and obstaculizará to each step &apos; , he so the reasons of their indecisión .
&apos; Many people I has said that not I asked by zero , because then . Fico by vencidos also the others &apos; .
&apos; It is of have faith for not leave so , without more &apos; , said .
According say , to justifies also continue the work that already began with Hašek .
&apos; During these two years , . end a great part the work that not I that now . vanish &apos; .
&apos; There processes that . had started and that will their effect within of a couple of years and not I like that someone the pare &apos; , announced concerned by the fact of that , if eligieran the another candidate , Miroslav Pelta , the situation in the partnership could again to be such as was before of the time of Hašek .
&apos; I I in the order , and is something that , in my opinion , Mirek Pelta not is capable of keep .
&apos; conceals of he is on all whole that people that . ocuparía the football for that outside only a privileged for a few elected . &apos;
&apos; It I can reprochar a lot of things , but not the fact of that I to favour of someone . &apos;
&apos; defend be aim . &apos;
&apos; I to a football for all , because only so . sentirán well all and not only the elected &apos; , said Rajchl .
rejects also the idea that only serious Karlsbad the President .
&apos; Although some people seeking that what contrary , I in mind to what maximum by Moravia . &apos;
&apos; , example , is time of think in the fact of destroy the second division in a part Czech and in other morava , whose winners irían to the first division &apos; .
&apos; not . would the situation current in the that we only three equipment of Moravia , what that represents a problem for the players moravos young &apos; , said Rajchl .
Although to the pugna of the elections presidential . sumó Tomaš Paclík , President the Club Pilsner , Rajchl not is of believe in their for of be elected .
&apos; still I have a strong support of the Federation Czech , the which I made as their Vice-President and that know that behind of me there successes clear &apos; , said Rajchl , whose successes understand the savings of a tens of million of billion of contracts desventajosos , the negotiations of contracts televisivos and the negotiations on the law of the I .
, another hand , recognised their part of fault in that the federation not is united .
And while civilized that Pelta is &apos; descalificado for to the confidence in the football Czech &apos; , as the another Supreme , Paclík , as a candidate strong that itself has something that offer the football .
&apos; Nobody can for that was a great work by the Pilsen time year &apos; .
&apos; In the case of that be elected , probably will what that already began Safronov Hašek and not cambiaria of way significantly the plantilla the personal in the soothe . &apos;
&apos; not I use that to my favour &apos; , evalúa so to their rival Rajchl .
The swimming more fine of Europe
Salto the blue
by of Stanek
Piscinas since a too incredible , exquisite bathing in Budapest : Anyone north-west Europe can live their maravilla blue , and , after a visit to the city or a caminata , rest their piernas cansadas in bathing burbujeantes .
A book shows where . is the better welfare in the water .
When Iris Meder was a journey of research for the year and a last , had something that not could faltar in their luggage , a bañador .
Tumbada of back on the water , miraba the artistic cúpula in what high , nadaba towards the angelotes of mármol , that the were in the on of the come and . asombraba to the come poured modernista restored meticulosamente .
I horrible the It , whatever note in their libreta the time of all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the history the building .
The historiadora arquitectónica Meder exploró more of 200 swimming of this way and the is in their recent book &apos; Badefreuden &apos; : the swimming covered in Munich , the historical palaces the It in the Forest Black , the &apos; exercised of concrete &apos; in Taunus .
Realizó their &apos; journey by the bathing more &quot; of Centroeuropa &apos; by 13 countries : In of Germany , Austria and Switzerland , visited places of Italy , France , the Republic Czech , Slovakia , Slovenia , Hungary , Romania , Poland , and a city respectively in Luxembourg , Serbia and Croatia .
This German of 46 years is a real keen of the culture the It .
not to have nothing that see with the sport , says Meder , only the water is different .
only to bother that the who the It have that conformarse with azulejos blue and smell to chlorine , while that the who to caused can breathe the fascinating smell of the forests of abetos or listen the much trinos of the birds in the park .
&apos; A day I liked by what the swimming have that be always so feas &apos; , says this head of Vienna .
&apos; Comencé to coleccionar swimming fine . &apos;
The surface the water greater the architecture .
The chapoteo in the come and the etéreos meats of the sauna . The factor of welfare in the swimming is so large because . atienden all the ways , according Meder .
And if the nonsensical . striving , the swimming covered can be a real gift for the view : &apos; In place of soil , in the bathing . has a surface of water . &apos;
&apos; , a part is transparent , by other part reflects the contest of all the building . &apos;
all . dobla ópticamente : the high bóvedas , the azulejos of colours , the trampolines .
The book with photographs in format small &apos; Badefreuden &apos; provided in 190 pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history the art in the oasis historical the welfare , but , mainly , . wish of MRI the blue .
Meder , the coleccionista of swimming which the copies leading in their investigations in Hungary .
Together to the magníficos bathing medicinales as the It of Széchenyi of Budapest , of 100 years , . are the waters with oesophagus in a odd cavidad kárstica ( bathing in cavidades in Miskolc-Tapolca ) , so as a termas , whose swimming are of waters alcalinas and . are in a building with way of bottleneck ( Városi Termálfürdö in Jászberény ) .
Many swimming descubiertas in Switzerland and Austria offered view spectacular : While whole the city being the eyes in the come techada of Zurich , . can look to Arlberb , poured of snow , since the come foreign of a It in smoke-related . Antón , and : In the It Turkish there a window since the that . can it the practice in the runs of ski .
The design , such time , more so expected to the customers in Längenfeld : The I the water of Ötztal seems a ovni that has of have in the Alps .
In three sources open remember vapor in winter , while that of fund the mountains of Ötztal . quoting in the sky .
Alhambra in the Forest Black
. Meder , the coleccionista of swimming , not to invadía the smell to chlorine in all the swimming .
Many bathing termales huelen to sulphur , in the bathing of Árpád in Békescsaba , Hungary , the fever to gasóleo is so strong that the people believes have come to a It health .
The smell next of the waters medicinales that contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo . pega to the fur the into in the come , a It the welfare of a way special .
Iris Meder also . decepcionó in a place in their search of places bonitos for the It , when wanted visit swimming descubiertas and bathing of sun in the It Czech of Luhatschowitz , . found with a ground blocked .
The It of 1902 the architect Duan Jurkovic was closed .
When Meder miró to through of the desmoronadas windows the building modernista red , white and yellow , was the bath grow between the azulejos .
The quickly contrarrestaba in a come encantadora in the Forest Black : the Palacio Termal in Bad Wildbald .
These bathing have three phases of construction after of itself ; not only . can be elements neorománicos of times of their construction in 1844 , if not also a hall Arab of lifestyle Alhambra , added in 1900 .
Since their esmerada modernisation in 1995 , the Palacio Termal is the It odds-on of the coleccionista of swimming , Iris Meder , and not only because be natural of the Forest Black .
&apos; It a merit fusionar different lifestyles arquitectónicos in a unit so fantastic &apos; , says Meder .
In a palace so the inmersión in the come spa is not has very importance .
Especulación agricultural
The Deutsche Bank analysing the business of the raw premiums
, Christian Teevs
? Renuncia the Deutsche Bank to their business with raw premiums agricultural ?
According information of SPIEGEL-ONLINE , Josef Ackermann has The a group of work for check the consequences of the speculation for the poor the world .
In January , the head the consortium to show the consequences .
Hamburg ,
For the citizens , the issue is clear , according a study , the driver by % of the Germans not them seems acceptable that the banks especulen with the raw premiums agricultural as the wheat or the maize .
Two thirds of the encuestados reivindican that the Deutsche Bank and other institutions crediticias . from of this business because pressures the problems of the more poor the world .
This is the result of a survey by charge of the organisation of consumers Foodwatch .
The study . on in a report presented to Foodwatch to middle of October .
The author Harald Schumann shows that the betting on the regulator of raw premiums global do higher the prices , and the banks unpaid with the responsibility the problem world the hunger .
The campaign the of the consumer . at in particular to Josef Ackermann , director the Deutsche Bank , but the large banks as sink Sachs or unhesitatingly Stanley act of way A .
Originariamente , the betting on raw premiums . pensaron for protect to the their of the oscilaciones of the prices .
The main experts are of agreement in that the players . have desacoplado of the at and demands , and sacan earnings of the costs of the more poor .
Ackermann reaccionó to the criticisms of way different that the competitors Americans : Prometió review the demands and said that no business &apos; deserves engage the good reputation the Deutsche Bank &apos; .
According information of SPIEGEL ONLINE , a group of work international is revisando the demands the report of Foodwatch .
The analysis must be completed to end of year , then . presented the results to the directive the Deutsche Bank , with with the recommendation of how manejar the issue .
. end of January , the direction the bank informará of the consequences .
At end could be a reduction the business of the raw premiums , or even their total abandoning .
Ackermann is blinkers their image .
Thilo Bode , founder of Foodwatch , took the news , but his their criticisms the sector financial : &apos; The betting to prices growing of food show of way especially drastic how the despiadados banks perjudican currently the welfare public . &apos;
Ackermann . is as the greater cabildero banking , especially in the obligations .
&apos; The Deutsche Bank must withdrawn all the investments of their portfolio in the that can in at the money for betting of prices food &apos; , said Bode .
&apos; are as if Ackermann is the issue of the people that is hunger or the reputation the Deutsche Bank . &apos;
The inspection of Ackermann is surprising to first view , but is clear that the head the consortium to offer a image perfect few months before of to their since .
The Monday , the Deutsche Bank published that the President of the junta directive will something different to what not planeado in the board of administration .
With the abandoning of the controversial speculation agricultural can perfeccionar their image .
And needs that hardly to importen possible losses , of that . ocupará their successor .
Two thirds anularían the investment in raw premiums
Foodwatch . striving in keep high the pressure on the workforce .
far the time , more of 30,000 internautas have participated in the campaign of the organisation .
The Tuesday , Bode published the survey for the that the Institute Forsa had was to 1.001 people the 7 and 8 of November .
Hardly the 10 by % was legitimate that the Deutsche Bank ofreciera investments in the that . apostaran the prices of the food .
Many customers the bank were consequences personal the be that their bank participaba in such business : according the survey , two thirds anularían all the investments of the that its money of the speculation agricultural .
The 43 by % desaconsejaría a bank so to their known , the 49 by % solicitaría , after of think , withdrawn their account and . replaced to another institute .
The home 21 in Vienna
The an made
, Ingeborg Wiensowski
A history of architecture with ups and a end happy , the an of the statement universal Austrian of Brussels of 1958 successful prizes , was in Vienna for a museum , . became gap and . desmoronó .
now . reabre as home of exhibitions .
The architecture of postgerra modern apasiona , the forms clear , the halls of glass , the curvas valientes and the new materials of construction , classic the thinking on the progress technical , for what that , the an austriaco the architect Order Schwanzer for the statement universal of Brussels of 1958 is a example appropriate and known .
The Pabellón of Schwanzer successful then the Cardiff Prix of Arquitectura by their there and floating construction of steel and glass .
The construction . as to the currently a milestone contemporary of the architecture .
irrational the architect so known that also was the an of Austria in the next statement universal .
With their legendaria tower of four cilindros for MBW more the building adyacente aplanado in Munich , happened to be globally known .
Their an , designed as a construction temporary for exhibitions . levantó after of the statement universal in the Schweizer Garten with to the station the southern of Vienna , . reformó in 1962 and within . kind a museum the century 20 , . phoned the &apos; home 20 &apos; .
The building was appropriate but carecía of the areas and technology We for a museum ; without no wall for colgar art , or a good environment .
. despite of this . used to that the art contemporary in Vienna had a new home .
The building is gap since 2001 and decae each time more .
currently , the architect Adolf Krischanitz reformó the an , now what is &apos; home 21 &apos; and . usará in the future as museum of art contemporary .
The Tuesday by the later . kind the museum belvedere , the that belongs the home , with the first statement , a coup of at in true way .
Agnes Husslein-Arco , the new there of the gallery belvedere Austrian since 2007 , in a new start .
Husslein-Arco , doctora in history the art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora artistic on ice in their young , more later in Sotheby , the museum Guggenheim and there fundadora the museum of art modern of Salzburgo , was the reforms with the insistence of political and protectors of the monuments , proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and set their use .
. exception the art contemporary , . psychologically the works the escultor Fritz Wotruba of the foundation homónima , should have a cafeteria and a librería and also built a building of offices .
Audit narrower , budget under
Krischanitz was the better election for do .
not only because reformó of way sensitive the secesión of Wresinski Olbrichs in Vienna , what amplió and . to adjudicó the Song , if not because estudió with Schwanzwer in the University Technical of Vienna and the an was for he a &apos; place important and vast &apos; , in the that contemplaba &apos; almost all the purposes of week &apos; the exhibitions .
Conocía the project and the problem the building , that with with their It to Vienna in their change of use with generosity and easily .
In the reforms current there large problems , the building was &apos; a devorador of energy &apos; , said Krischanitz .
It changed the profile of the windows of the lofty of glass , . instaló a glass aislante reinforced with very of glass and . remplazó the homeless of glass by a glass of security special .
The bridges térmicos and the vigas of steel . reforzaron or remplazaron and the ceilings of amianto . rehabilitaron .
Two vaults . emplearon for the new use , a panel of light fallen between the home and the street provided the iluminación , a bridge serves for into the building almost new , but still the an of Schwanzer .
cells the doors external original , the home is pintada in subscribe old caoba and protegida against the oxidación .
And the room of cinema is exactly as was before .
And all this with a control narrower by part of the office of monuments and a under budget .
&apos; . often had that find material that outside good , cheap and also did to the office of protection of monuments &apos; , says Krischanitz and means of a soil áspero in the sótano .
. despite of all the pressure , problems and reforms , the building . in flexible and superfluous .
What the an &apos; that wine of Brussels &apos; has been difficult , said ago little Krischanitz , a typical &apos; emergence accidental in the history of the city &apos; .
A architecture so is &apos; always in the place wrong &apos; and by that wanted &apos; certainly the awareness appropriate &apos; .
In this case the home 21 not is in the place wrong , has happened a coup of at urbanístico . The completely new and planeado &apos; area of the station central &apos; , with housing and offices , . is with the Schweizer Garten .
And such time take another coup of at : The home 21 could receive a forward of other construction of Krischanitz , therefore the coleccionista Francesca von Habsburg has purchased the room of art temporary berlinesa and , as . as , negotiate with the city on a place neighbour in the Schweizer Garten .
Deutsche Bahn planea a package of crisis of winter that out to million
The company has ideado a plan of crisis , that evitaría the averías of the trains in winter .
must doblarse the number of personal .
What that costs million .
In the fight against the averías and delays of the trains caused by the winter , Deutsche Bahn . has spent in this year more of 70 million of EUR , according a &apos; periodístico .
The newspaper &apos; am &apos; reported , arguments a plan of crisis internal the group , of the investments will to 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of EUR .
For what that . must to a better availability of the vehicles and of the network railway still with a time extreme .
Among other things , . planifica doblar the employees internal and integrated to 16.000 jobs for with the snow of the to and of the andenes .
The aim is its the andenes of snow and ice for the functioning and the 90 by % of the overtime necessary for the functioning in the term of four to five hours .
ago two months , Rüdiger Grube , President of Deutsche Bahn , avisó of averías and delays in the trains also for this winter after a summit with the government and the industry .
The winter last Deutsche Bahn suffered considerable problems in the transport of passenger , already that , between other things , to faltaron reserves to conditions meteorológicas inauspicious .
Many trains regional new are years waiting a authorisation of the office federal railway .
In there a delay in the over of the trains of high speed .
Deutsche Bahn working since years in check the central of the trains of high speed with often in the workshop , after of that a train of high speed sufriera the rotura of a &apos;s in the station central of Cologne .
The Deutsche Bank paid fines millonarias in the US
After the tumulto on the President Josef Ackerman , is a new problem of the US , the Deutsche Bank must pay there a fined millonaria .
As if the problems not like enough for the Deutche Bank , their last in the US church the heralded the sector , the Institute of Frankfurt paid 145 million of dollars ( 106 million of EUR ) in a agreement , for to end to the bloodiest debidas to the costing of five large farming of credit for the crisis financial .
It is of the sale of titles hipotecarios .
The regulatory of markets financial NCUA recrimina to many large banks inducir to the farming of credit with wishful promises to buy products financial ; have minimizado the risks .
Such titles lost their value for the crisis financial and unsatisfactory to the banks to the depths .
&apos; We satisfied of power clearly the issue without that the parties have that come to the courts &apos; , said a spokesman the Deutsche Bank in New York .
The bank not The no fault with the agreement .
This also . applies to Citigroup , that forced a payment of 20,5 million of dollars .
Debbie Matz , President of the NCUA , took the deferencia of both institutions financial .
The National Credit dimension Drug ( NCUA ) is responsible of the farming of credit of the US and happening support in case of costing for protect the investments of customers .
The NCUA is reintegrar the losses of million originadas .
The agreements currently closed are their first kind .
The regulator also had asked accounts to other large banks and in summer entablado pleitos against JPMorgan Chase , the Chairman Bank of Scotland and sink Sachs .
In the issue of the advertisements titles hipotecarios , . are of the called values respaldados by mortgages .
These . based in appropriations housing .
When the variously buildings of the US estalló in 2007 , was to the perdición to many entities financial .
In September of 2008 , in the point álgido of the crisis financial , the bank of investment US Lehman Brothers . crumbled .
Although the results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated for the banks Americans .
The investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes for receive compensation or sancionar untruths .
The Agency Federal of Financiamiento of Vivienda ( FHFA in their ETS in English ) has been the greater amount of demands .
Reprocha to the 18 large banks international that the two agencies hipotecarias state Americans Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . have tapped the business of the mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 billion million of dollars .
also the Deutsche Bank has a demand of the FHFA , . is of business by value of 14,2 billion million of dollars the year 2005 the 2007 .
The inspection requires that the Institute of Frankfurt Vice-President of &apos; the losses – &apos; , without submitted a figure accurate .
The Deutsche Bank rejected the debts as unfounded and he that to defending .
Warren Buffett helps with 10 billion million to IBM
The gurú of the finance , Buffett , invested with force in the company of technologies of the Information IBM .
Since March has on actions by a value of more of ten billion million of dollars .
far now the great investor American Warren Buffett always has declared not invest in companies of computers or technologies of the Information already that the prospects the development to long term of the companies are negative .
But has read the report trade of IBM and changed their opinion on invest in the sector .
Debió understand a before that IBM does on all services and procura systems of computers for the departments of technologies of the Information of other companies .
In the world financial , a investment of Warren Buffett . as as a honour .
, what therefore , the primitiva of technologies of the Information must unfair &apos; Sir IBM &apos; .
Buffett desveló currently in the substantive of economy CNBC that has on actions of IBM by a value of 10,7 thousands of million of dollars since March .
Their Berkshire Hathaway of investments has ascendido with this to a of the over accionistas of IBM with a participation the 5.5 by % .
Buffett said that IBM not was to now nothing the compromise .
Elogió to the direction that . took of the profits ordinary in the crisis economic .
&apos; They fact a work genial &apos; , said Buffett on the strategy .
IBM set since ago some time the services of technologies of the Information lucrativos as the functioning of centres of calculation .
The old pioneering computer of more of 100 years also does software and advice so as advent equipment for companies .
Buffett prevented the companies of technology to the date .
said that only invertía in companies whose business entendiera .
, the contrary , Buffett availed the occasion in a train of goods , in a manufacturer of lubricantes or a draughtsman engineering .
Their Berkshire Hathaway has close of approximately 80 subsidiaries own , so as part of whole a series of large maximize as Coca-Cola or Munich Re , found Münchener Rück .
Buffett , of 81 years , . was office of the small company textile Berkshire Hathaway in the 60 and , with do investments , the amplió to suppression in a of the companies more valuable the world .
not However , their lifestyle of life is republican .
, that is a ídolo for countless investors of all the world .
Their quickly and infalible sense for win money to has provided the &apos; of &apos; oráculo of Omaha &apos; .
After of be the investment of Buffett , the actions of IBM in stock subieron a one by % .
&apos; The heralded blue &apos; , as . known to IBM , has a value in stock of more of 220 billion million of dollars and on , with with Apple and Microsoft , between the companies of technology more valuable the world .
With Microsoft , said Buffett , not to cooperate .
garage garage , their founder , is a friend intimate .
The threat . concrete
After the discovery of &apos; the cell of Zwickau &apos; , the media of communication Turks dudan the state of right German .
A newspaper about of a &apos; ideology bloody &apos; that again to reavivarse .
The for of eight small employers noticed and Greeks between the years 2001 and 2006 have a Repression of the extreme right .
In Turkey and in the population German of origin Turkish . has reacted with fear and concern to this news .
For many Germans of origin Turkish which a fantasma that . creía died ago time , since the attacks with way of fires in Mölln in November of 1992 and in Solingen in May of 1993 , not had happened more episodes of violence with Repression of extreme right against Turks .
not However , never . has questioned that in Germany there xenophobia .
The network ultraderechista 600 reveals a scale whose dimensions not were , or a least , previsibles .
&apos; ? Vuelve to reavivarse the ideology bloody ? &apos; , titula the edition by Internet the newspaper Turkish &apos; Haberturk &apos; .
The newspaper &apos; Sabah &apos; resalta by the contrary that one of the authors the crime was a – of the Office Federal of Defence of the Constitution and . shows concerned by that the authorities German can be involved in the pantanal ultraderechista .
The community Turkish in Germany reaccionó with sensatez , the end of week reminded to the victims of the violence racist with a vigilia to the Puerta of Brandenburgo .
Two weeks before , the community Turkish in Berlin with with the political Germans and Turks reflexionaron in a act formal the fifty anniversary the agreement turco-alemán .
The them . it in scene with much colours , as a history with end happy .
The information came to some media Turks as a bofetada : &apos; The gift German by the fifty anniversary &apos; , says the title of a Article in the platform Turkish of Internet &apos; sheet X &apos; , wave the Repression of the chain of for .
The emission German &apos; Hürriyet &apos; not should in out this connection mental .
&apos; starts to smell is &apos; , says the title of the spine of Ahmet Külahci .
Resalta that the killed were people that pagaban their tax and did a important contribution with their work to the reconstruction of Germany .
In the consolidating of Internet of Germans of procedencia Turkish , the behaviour of the police and their the success in the búsquedas . Statute very self-criticism .
The authors . asombran of that the authorities German not have buscado a before suspected in the virtuous of the ultraderecha .
hinted . shows As least rhetorical in As to the drásticos media : &apos; . from of now here . lose , to the immigrants not them is more that the self-defence and the arms &apos; .
&apos; This will the better autoprotección &apos; .
&apos; The peace internal of Germany on are of the quality of the perverse and of the adequacy of the penalty to whole the network &apos; . , it &apos; Selen &apos; .
What that means that , if the peace internal of Germany is in danger , the attacks of Mölln and Solingen . aclararán in 1990s years .
The image of the ruins the fire of Solingen . has incident in the flash German and Turkish .
No another skeletons was more clearly to the Turks that live here that there a threat concrete and , to the Germans , that the mistrust and the distance can desembocar in the violence .
The attacks agudizan the sense of group of the part Turkish .
not repeat the errors the last
In the press Turkish . reputed then mainly the uninhabitable of the policy German after the attacks , Helmut Kohl . denies to visit to the survivors of Mölln .
After the attack with way of fire of Solingen sent a telegrama of condolences the President Turkish and Klaus Kinkel , their minister of Affairs Foreign , what sustituyó in the funeral of Cologne . Kinkel detalló in their speech what that contribute with the tax the Turks of Germany .
remains clear how . estimated the value of a person according the amount of their tax .
The information current of the media Turks again to show what thorough that is , since then , the mistrust of many Germans of origin Turkish in the legality of this country .
In the effort of a explanation wider and of a revaloración the terrorism of extreme right in Germany , this time do lack words francas .
The bank the scandal the lago of Zurich
The bank more arriesgado of Europe not . is in Italy or France , if not in Switzerland .
The UBS almost it in bancarrota in the crisis financial and since then . deslizó of a crisis to the next .
now the at a German .
certain that Axel sources not what had considered .
After of their witnessed starting of the summit the bank federal , in July . through that in 2013 comenzaría in a new and almost also of witnessed work : President the board administrative the great bank blessing UBS , a inesperado and estimates step in their career .
Axel sources . am should , commends Switzerland by their contest and to the UBS by their would acquired strength and is we comments amables on their will colleagues .
&apos; The flash has achieved a revival &apos; .
&apos; I am cooperate with Kaspar Villiger and Oswald Grübel &apos; .
In September became clear that all would completely different .
A operators financial of the flash in London prevented all the systems of security the bank and defraudó 1.7 billion million of EUR .
Oswald Grübel , director general of the flash , a banker not only known in Switzerland , had that come .
The President the board administrative of the flash . was since then also tocado , and all good : ? When is Axel sources ?
It through that sources must advise the bank since February of 2012 .
And . will office of the presidency the board administrative in May , not to principles of 2013 , as the bank comunicó the Tuesday .
This is hard for Axel sources .
not is banker , more well , a of economy and consejero and has had a period of adaptation surely necessary .
In coup . ago responsible of the strategy of a bank , that has of again to prove that deserves the title &apos; the greater bank the scandal of Europe &apos; since ago time .
, a part , the flash is huge , to ago little was the greater administrator of goods world , and by other part , since ago years , . desliza of a scandal the next .
Nothing , so what seems , . to ahorra the changed so proud bank blessing .
started the crisis financial .
The flash had a reputation excellent to 2007 .
The image the administrator of goods blessing discreto and part , but also mañoso , . combinó with objectives ambitious , also wanted be a great number in the banks of investments .
, a part , with ones billion of dollars , the flash variety more money of customers wealthiest that any another bank the world .
And by other part , avanzó as bank of investments in the league of the large banks the world .
This impresiona .
Hans Geiger , the former banker and the a of banca in Zurich for many years explains : &apos; with my students , always I described to the flash as model of a good bank . &apos;
&apos; Since the point of view current , one . question : ? How could equivocarme ? &apos;
was in a great mistake .
In the year 2007 went to the light that something went very is in the flash .
. middle of year , Peter Wuffli , director general , that to then was have as a banker genial and very intelligent , resigned surprisingly .
Some months after , . sospechó the reason .
The fund of investments the bank . embarcó in losses with titles of high risk and had that amortizar thousands of million .
For shoulder with this , the flash announced a inyección of capital of nothing least that of 13 billion million of FRF .
For this found investors , course that some miraran with contempt to little before : a fund state Asian and opaco of Singapore and a fund state Arab , so discreto , that never . had heard their name .
This was only the first coup .
In April of 2008 , empeoró .
The bank had that on the loss of thousands of million , Marcel Ospel , President the board administrative , in 2006 in the Secondly better paid board administrative of Switzerland , resigned .
In October of 2008 , she the disaster , in view of their investments wrong , the UBS . found in the crisis financial to the costing and had that be rescatada by the state .
The bank national compró values problem to the UBS by many thousands of million , the Confederation Helvética was six thousands of million of FRF by a bono sensible converted , by the that . convertía in copropietaria the bank .
whole Switzerland was affected , . said what dramatic that was this for a country small , if aloja to banks so large .
Finally the sum the balance of the UBS in 2007 was more of five sometimes greater that the results economic of Switzerland ( see gráfica ) .
&apos; not we again to rescue to the UBS &apos; , said Geiger , expert in banca .
. the first disaster . joined the second .
Few months after , the UBS capituló in a conflict tax with America and . was ready to limits the data of the customers wealthiest , that possibly had defraudado tax with aid the bank .
In , whereby a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , point of profits injustificados of these business with a compensation by payment .
With this , the UBS confesó more or least have helped in the fraud tax .
Simultáneamente lost something that had been since always their capital in the competition by customers rich : the aureola of discretion .
After the scandal , the secret the bank blessing already not is the same .
. this continued the - the President of the junta directive and the President the board administrative .
And the emigration of the funds of the customers .
In this way , in few months the bank lost their credibility in their two sectors central : in the banca of investments by the speculation flawed and in the administration of goods by the aid the fraud tax .
And fair when readjust to be something more relaxed , fair when . I that the UBS readjust to this , is this desdichada history the operators , a operators individual defraudó 1.7 billion million of EUR , before of that the bank . diera account of that something was is .
And . desveló , by what seen , this still not works well with the management of risk in the banca of investments .
&apos; With the case Adoboli . world that the controls of risk have changed too little &apos; , says Martin Janssen , a of economy and finance in the Institute Bancario of the University of Zurich .
The director financial of a great bank German also is sure : &apos; The problem of the UBS is that not dominates the controls of risk &apos; .
, what that about the idea of the caution , with the that the bankers Swiss . were since ago time , be the watch of the over goods the world : no risk too large , in change , the security the money to quebrar the another hand of the republic sanctity .
The deposits of security of the banks Swiss were the symbol of the reliability inquebrantable , as Lindt and Sprüngli the chocolate genuine .
The central of the UBS in Zurich not dovetails with the buzz the part bank private blessing , only is a little greater .
The situation is classical .
The bank has their based main in the street Bahnhofstraße of Zurich , that is since the station main directly the lago of Zurich , enmarcado by the summits covered of snow of the mountains suizas .
here the buildings are ostentosos , the sells are a of the more higher of Europe .
here . are joyerías as Tiffany`s between business traditional Swiss as the confitería Sprüngli .
here reside since ago years the banks Swiss : since the bank national , happening by the palace of Credit Suisse , to the elitarios banks private as Julius Bär .
It enter in the room of reception of the UBS by a disproportionately door chair .
s the walls are revestidas of mármol , front . are large sillones of such , with the logo the bank there a great letrero for indicate the &apos; security &apos; .
The UBS know what that the client search here : Security .
The two large banks Swiss , the UBS and Credit Suisse , in some time have desplazado the idea the great bank blessing , or the have betrayed , as view the President of a small bank private blessing .
they not read their name in the newspaper , the end and the out ago , as all the bankers Swiss , also with the business of both large banks .
The UBS . has fact too large , view , mainly in the banca of investments , where the penal have cattle ground .
must the Swiss not had nothing more that say .
&apos; And . have have for a time to the our of the penal . &apos;
In fact , the UBS changed the banca of investments with , handed their first great proposed and then wine the disaster , no entity financial European had lost therefore money in the jungla the high risk as the great bank blessing .
The 15 of October of 2008 , the disaster was clear .
&apos; That Wednesday the coalition government the small country of seven million decided the greater operation of rescue in the history of their nation &apos; , it the author Lukas Hässig in their book &apos; Wever UBS-Crash &apos; ( &apos; The crash of the UBS &apos; in Spanish ) .
The political 3.8 to taxation thousands of million of FRF or approximately 45 thousands of million of EUR for save the great bank of the bancarrota .
? How . them happens ?
It about with the bankers Swiss , so are the problem in the dimension of the UBS .
In June of 1998 , two of the three large banks Swiss . fusionan in a poderoso consortium .
Surge a bank that , because to the merger , was too large for the small Switzerland , and still growing .
, what that was for that the two different banks precursors of the UBS . complementaran : a bank wealthy but fifty-year with the centre of the administration of goods in Zurich and a internacionalización more poor but more strong .
In suddenly , the banks of investment internacionalizados came of way have with a money , with the that could to rodar a great bicycle financial .
There two names related with this takes of the UBS : Peter Wuffli , head the consortium of the UBS of 2001 to 2007 , and Marcel Ospel , then President the board administrative .
&apos; always thought that Wuffli and Ospel were a team perfect &apos; , says the expert in banca Hans Geiger .
&apos; Wuffli , the intellectual , modest , that understand a of models and statistics , and Ospel , the intuitivo that managed showed step since the learning in the bank to the summit . &apos;
Finally , Ospel . fió of Wuffli .
And the end Wuffli was probably a mistake decisive : &apos; Pensó that their models were a reality &apos; , says Geiger .
&apos; is a case tragic . &apos;
Trágico , perhaps .
is clear : The desatino came before the case .
The employees of the UBS . remember clearly of the meetings of analysts , in the that Wuffli , the head the consortium , always repetía the same slogan : Bajar the throne to sink Sachs .
The bank American was the bank of investment more poderoso the world .
Encabezaban the &apos; League Tables &apos; , the clasificaciones that then documentaban the success of the banks .
The UBS wanted be in the summit .
Some steps to consequently well .
In the operations of divisas and in the negotiating of actions was in what more high .
, however , the net of companies makers put of highlighted a point weak : In the business the interest international , in the language of banca &apos; fixed income &apos; , there a compensation huge for the large banks .
The UBS has vacíos in the products hipotecarios Americans .
For fill these vacíos , the UBS started a adventure that almost to costs their existence .
Ávidos of growth , invirtieron therefore the same bank as one of their funds of high risk created in investments American of high risk .
It transformed in a machine powerful for titularizar appropriations hipotecarios Americans and venderlos to continuation , manteniendo certain risks to account own .
And also , as other banks suggestion the bajada for a time .
&apos; In summer of 2007 , as the market estate American was in llamas , the UBS compró there &apos; , said Geiger , expert in banca .
Only large the euphoria , so thorough the fall .
A workforce had that go , already that the attempt of one s more complicated of what that were .
The jobs in the UBS . became in seats proyectables and are inseguros to the currently .
currently , who at a great bank , has a work almost impossible .
must find a strategy for a bank , to the that all the models of business lógicos are stumbling .
Geiger , expert in banks , has a idea , to end to the banca of investments , focus in the administration of goods , return to the roots suizas .
The bank not to to so far ( still ) .
But the banca of investments must decrease a , is clear currently .
The next Thursday , Sergio Ermotti , the new President the bank , will their future strategy the world .
In reality , only . was in the italiano-suizo of 51 years as a solution specify , already that the bank the bank . separó surprisingly of their predecessor Grübel .
Practical , he . imposed : must to of way permanent the business of the UBS , comunicó the bank of Zurich the Tuesday .
Ermotti to restore the bank of investment to their state to middle of the 1990s .
Suprime 3.500 jobs .
But this not enough .
The UBS needs a vision .
? Who is ?
? With what to win money ?
These are the questions that sure . ago Axel sources currently .
far the time only says that first buscará a housing with their woman in Zurich .
The next year .
The fear to the recession in Europe is on the stock US
The recession spelling in Europe has given fear to the investors Americans in the start of the week .
The changes of government in Athens and Rome are without force .
The production industrial frenada in the continent sofoca the hopes of estabilizar in their origin a crisis by by the Already .
could not dollar the alivio general on the changes of government in Rome and Athens .
The euro fell with the dollar .
The week last , the glass Italian and Greek . has seen a full , not a gap , but now the problems them to to to a first level , said Mark Luschini of Janney Montgomery humiliated .
with all , the active financial on in the list of sales .
The rate Dow Jones of the values standard closed with a low the 0,6 by % to 12.078 points .
In the session , the barómetro the market oscila between 12.027 and 12.170 points .
The rate S &amp; P 500 closed with 1.251 points , a low of a by % .
The rate Nasdaq of the stock technological lost the 0,8 by % and went the market with 2.657 points .
In Frankfurt , the rate Dax . sacks with a low the 1.2 by % to 5.985 points .
The industry of the 17 countries euro has reduced clearly their production and . put in the end of their on .
The companies being in September the two by % least that the month previous , as reports the office of Similarly of Eurostat .
What that was scepticism between the investors Americans : &apos; not are a island , if not dependent &apos; , said Steve sink of sink Management .
Europe not . can release so quickly of a recession , also there more signs of weakness in the banks .
Warren Buffett , the poison of the investments , only this this caution , still not is clear if Europe is what enough strong for to all what necessary for to end to the crisis , said in a interview for the CNBC .
, that , since their point of view is too soon for invest in loans state or banks European .
In place of that , arroja by the be a the of old principles and enter in the sector technological US .
Their investment of more of ten billion million of dollars in IBM supports the prices of the actions the traditional consortium and the ago cotizar against the trend in the market the principle hardly a percentage more high .
The value closed almost without amendments to 187,35 dollars .
After some indications , Buffett paid 170 dollars of average by each unit and remained the 5.5 by % .
The prices of the actions of their company of investment Berkshire Hathaway lost the 1,3 by % .
The titles of participation the Bank of American . fortalecieron clearly with the 2,6 by % that the market .
The home sold almost all the rest of their financially the China Construction Bank and . embolsa by this 6,6 thousands of million of dollars .
The institute to strengthen mainly their share of capital with the proposed neta the business and with this to with the requirements regulatory .
The constructora of planes loser increased their earnings and with this write the losses in Dow .
The action . alzó a 1.5 by % , after of that the consortium cobrara the greater charge of their history .
Airline Emirates Musicians the Friday 50 planes of long distance the kind 777 and the value the asked . cifró in 18 thousands of million of dollars .
Incluyendo the options of 20 machines more , the volume out to 26 thousands of million of dollars .
In the stock of New York approximately 710 billion million of actions changed of you .
719 values by , 2281 fell and 79 refused without changes .
The Nasdaq cerro with volumes of sale of 1,38 billion million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the low and was without amendments .
Grajos smart . extienden in the cities
In many websites the grajos . they &apos; birds problem &apos; : not . guards to these inteligentísimos animals of the cities for a time , expensive the experts .
. a them them , other want librarse very quickly of them , the grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities . pussy-footing the complaints of the neighbours by the porquería and the noise of the animals .
Although not has appeared no a against the &apos; birds problem &apos; to now .
The grajos already not out of the cities , expensive the experts in the first symposium on grajos in Leer , Frisia Eastern .
is the specialists of all the territory national Statute on possible solutions .
Buscan alternatives in the cities
The forgers some the problems of the cities to the migration the field of certain grajos protected ; the applications chemical in the agriculture just visiblemente with the areas reciprocal traditional .
The hunting , the growing edificación and the fall of trees that the hospedan dificultan the life of the birds .
The grajos are protected .
There large colonies with more of 600 partners reproductoras in Soest , Westfalia , between other , in the powerhouses , between other in Jever , Diepholz and Achim in Bremen , so as in Leer .
is in 2005 saltó to the headlines negative of the press a controversial project for kill in mass to the grajos the district .
The critical have described the hunting of the animals by traps for birds and the murder with palos as especially brutal .
&apos; Expulsándolos and ahuyentándolos of way normal not . manages nothing &apos; manifested Werner Klöver , urbanista and paisajista of Leer .
Disparar with water to the nidos or throwing the trees usually be consequences not deseadas , says also Manfred Kaiser , expert in a environment of Lahr , Baden-Wurtemberg .
&apos; The animals . desvían , the large colonies of into and sacks in other places . &apos;
Ahuyentarlos only is imaginable as exception in hospitals , coast of elderly or schools .
&apos; We live with them , already not the atrapamos . &apos;
, the , , not . soluciona the problem in the cities , view Wolfgang Kellner , Mayor of Leer .
is possible a combination of ahuyentar to the animals of areas residenciales sensitive and cebos for that again to asentarse in other places .
&apos; Paneles Information in place of sierras of chain &apos; Uta Maria Jürgens , psicóloga and etnóloga ago advertising in against with the end of that . involved to the animals of a way completely different : &apos; What better is that we aguantar a p.m. in the face with aplomo . &apos;
Jürgens cofundó in Schleswig-Holstein the circuito of education on the grajos of Ascheberger , where letreros report on the life of the smart birds .
While therefore , the project is accepted by the tourists .
Jürgens also has their own opinion on the criticisms by the noise of the birds : &apos; all are forms of communication , have a that say . &apos;
The intelligence and as of these animals are legendarias , the grajos not only which the resources for access to bocados esquistos , if not that fabrican tools for usarlas as resources .
Recently , etólogos of the University of Cambridge comprobaron in four grajos to where is the intelligence of the birds .
In a experiment , the birds aprendieron with quickly that be to we a stone on a platform for so achieve a larva of polilla .
, a adiestramiento , recognised with determination the size and the way that should have the stone for we on the platform .
In a Secondly trial , the astutos grajos be resolve a complicated problem .
The researchers colocaron a small dustbin with a larva of polilla in a cilindro side .
The birds not could to to their prey with the p.m. .
But the researchers them no a paper of alambre .
With the that the four animals formaron a hook , with the that pescaron the dustbin in the tirador the tubo .
Three of the waiting grajos what praise in the first attempt .
Portugal in the football 2012 thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo
The bosnios and the Turks not have hopes in the championship .
The favourite , Portugal , Croatia , the Republic Czech and Ireland also will in the football 2012 .
Portugal , the Republic Czech , Croatia and Ireland have sellado in the play-offs the last notes for the football 2012 in Poland and Ukraine .
Guiado by the hero triunfante Cristiano Ronaldo ( 8 . , 53 . ) , Portugal goleó to Bosnia-Herzegovina 6-2 ( 2-1 ) and , after the 0-0 the party of ida , was the five financially of the football seguidas .
The Czech praise 1-0 ( 0-0 ) in the party of back of the play-offs with the outsider Montenegro , after of that in the party of ida ( 2-0 ) any the things clear .
Croatia not with that to marcaran in the 0-0 against Turkey , Ireland managed a do 1-1 ( 1-0 ) against Estonia .
Nani ( 24 . ) , Helder Postiga ( 72 . , was . ) and Miguel Veloso ( 80 . ) marcaron the others goals of Portugal .
The former professional of the Bundesliga , Zvjezdan Misimovic with a penalti ( 41 . ) and the captain Emir Spahic ( 65 . ) acortaron travel two sometimes for Bosnia .
Sena Lulic successful a card roja ( 54 . ) .
Bosnia owned to cause of Portugal in the play-offs the world of South of 2010 .
In the Estadio . Luz of Lisbon , Portugal started of way perfect .
Ronaldo ejecutó a free direct since more of 30 metres for only to the head in the points .
A quarter of time after , Nani was their on for usher since far and managed the 2-0 since 25 metres .
The bosnios , that not . lucieron in the first average time , had their first clear opportunity thanks the goleador Edin Dzeko .
The former player the team of Wolfsburg , leader the English Manchester season-ticket unable a cabezazo the palo , but the balón not atravesó the line of portería ( 33 . ) .
Jiracek acertó for the Republic Czech
. continuation , the colegiado Wolfgang Stark , of Ergolding , was in the eye the Mitch .
After the attack to Helder Postiga in the area of penati Bosnian , decided show the male the card most by tirarse the soil ( 36 . ) .
In the hand theories , Stark pitó a controversial penalti after a action of Fabio Coentrao , that transformed Misimovic .
After the rest , the vicecampeón European of 2004 aclaró all with 4 goals .
The Czech ended with the last doubt in the minute 81. with gol of Petr Jiracek .
The campeón of Europe of 1976 . qualifies by fifth time consecutiva for the football .
The team the you Michal Bilek with the legionario of the Bundesliga Michael Kadlec ( Bayer Leverkusen ) and Tomas Pekhart ( 1 . shout Nürnberg ) also had at and had that overcome a Secondly of reaction in the stage initial .
In the last time , the portero Petr Cech prevented with a a a possible gol in own door of Tomas Sivok ( 9 . ) .
Montenegro had more for with the a Stevan Jovetic and Dejan Damjanovic in action .
Damjanovic espoused in the minute 40. of the back the pressed , very fair in the portería of Cech .
After the rest the Czech debieron protect the larguero the portero of reputation world , the delantero the shout Seoul the to - ( 50 . ) .
Finally , the gol before the end sentenced the party .
While therefore , Turkey desaprovechó the maravilla the football of Zagreb .
Four days after the 0-3 in Istanbul , the Turks not their of a 0-0 in Zagreb .
While was almost sure that the you national Guus Hiddink should leave their asiento the banquillo of third the world of 2002 , the from held their quarter participation in the end of the football .
with 31.000 made in the Estadio Maksimir , the Turks almost conseguían a principle of dream .
In the minute seven and with a chute to long distance , Selcuk Inan only managed play the poste . The praise Kazim Kazim not could send the balón within of the portería .
After the Secondly of reaction , Croatia asumió each time more the control .
After of the pause , Croatia not with that to metieran no gol .
Together to Mauro Mandzukic of VfL Wolfsburg , that in the minute 62. was website to Safronov surgeon , of Dortmund , Danijel Pranjic ( Bayern of Munich ) and Gordon Schildenfeld ( Eintracht Frankfurt ) are the legionarios of the Bundesliga in the practice .
Trapattoni is to the football
In Dublin , the Irish up the first participation in the football since 1988 in Germany .
instigation Ward was the team the you Giovanni Trapattoni , that triumphant with the 4-0 in the party of ida prepared for a decision prior , . it to the head in the minute 32 .
Konstantin Vassiljev ( 57 . ) empató with the team invited .
Ireland presionó since the beginning , but was wait to the minute 23 . , when Robbie Keane of The Angeles Galaxy had their first great opportunity .
Since the first time , the defence estona prevented possible goals of advantage .
But in the minute 32. what forward .
After a defence the portero Pavel Londak , about Ward and chutó the balón to through of the line , coats the 1-0 .
A woman been wound the caerse of a tram
A woman of 52 years . is been wound the caerse the Monday of a tram in Lichtenberg , Berlin .
chance that be operada in a hospital , as comunicó the police the Tuesday .
The tram had that stop of way solutions in Herzbergallee , already that a their . relax of coup with to he .
The car cell and in this went , for the driver .
The others ocupantes the tram not were injured .
A man arm atraca a farmacia in Friedenau
The Tuesday by the later a man arm atracó a farmacia in Bundesallee , in Friedenau , Berlin .
Amenazó to a empleada of 25 years with a weapon of ceasefire and to was that to entregara the money in metálico , as reported the police .
After entregarle the box with the around , the do fled without be identified with their botín of a amount unknown .
The asaltados not experienced more that the therefore susto .
A driver circulating been him
A driver circulating of 21 years has result been him to first hours of the morning the Tuesday in Märkischen Alle in Marzahn , Berlin .
Quiso avoid of suddenly a lorry that circulaba by the street of a gasolinera with a trailer joined .
, what that was a patinazo with their their , came to the Strip central and the carril contrary and met against several trees .
The saddened of 21 years had that be admitted in the hospital .
The camionero of 40 years not s him .
A dressed atropellada and been wound
A dressed of 61 years was atropellada by a car and s been wound the Monday in Mitte , Berlin .
Quiso cross with their bicycle by the to in the cruce of pedestrian between the streets Karl-Liebknecht-Straße and Alexanderstraße , as comunicó the police the Tuesday .
was arrastrada by a driver of 72 years that cell with their their .
The woman . fell and , been wound , received treatment in a hospital .
In the 1939-1940 , a do of cars . becomes in driver kamikaze
A man . was in way of night with a car stolen in Charlottenburg .
At girar , met against a car aparcado , in total theme to two cars more and three bicycles .
The police emprendió the persecution .
The author the crime fled to whole speed by the Motorway .
! In sense contrary !
Rozó a tablón of concrete and lost parties of their their .
The car . relax and the man she to ordinary their 1939-1940 .
A peatona disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón
A peatona was disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón in Schwedt .
The Sunday , the woman of 32 years caminaba close of their housing when was disparada by the on , as reported the police .
chance that be ingresada in the hospital with a wound open .
. continuation , the police localizó four suspected , of the that a young of 19 years is have the accused main .
According a spokesman of the police , not there relationship between the woman and the accused .
A young of 25 years been him in a accident of traffic
A driver s been him in a collision with a lorry that had in sense theories in the district of Potsdam-Mittelmark .
The young of 25 years . went of the road with their furgoneta by causes unknown to the time and patinó to a fence protective the Monday by the morning in a road federal with to Wiesenburg , as comunicó the police .
, the force the clash , the car patinó to the carril contrary and there colisionó with the lorry .
The recreational had that from the young of 25 years of their their .
A helicopter of watch what was to a hospital .
Incendio in a cinema in Alexanderplatz
The night the Monday had place a fire in the cinema Cubix in Alexanderplatz .
Little after of average night , approximately 70 made of the session of night had that leave the cinema of the street Rathausstraße , as comunicó the police .
not was no him .
After subsequent investigations , . is that the fire in a area an to the components electric was because to a fault technical .
At same time . was the light and about a smell smoke .
A woman been wound in a attempt of theft of bolso
A woman s been wound in a attempt of theft of bolso in Niedergörsdorf , in the district of Teltow-Fläming .
The author the crime encapuchado sorprendió to the woman the Friday in a parking to a trade and to agarró their bolso , as reported the police .
As the victim opposed resistance , the theme in the hands and in the head with a palo .
Finally fled without the botín .
The woman was ingresada been wound in a hospital .
Visitantes to a graveyard stolen the they tumbas
In the weeks past , people over have again to be flown in a graveyard of Fürstenwalde .
A total of twelve seas have happened since middle of October , between other seas of bolsos , money , mobile , cards of credit and manojos of writer , as comunicó the police .
The victims are mainly women of age elderly that cuidaban the tumbas of their family .
Aparcaban their bicycles or andadores with the items of value in the by .
The last Friday had place the last theft of a amount of money that was to more of hundred EUR .
Six pintores of graffitis detained
The police relax to six pintores of graffitis .
The six young were detained the Sunday in Marzahn , as comunicó the police .
The adults of between 15 and 25 years pintaron a stipulated of train in Hohenschönhausener-Grenzgraben .
Subieron the stipulated with a escalera and tore a glass .
A witnessed avisó to the police .
In As the officials civilians appeared , the authors the crime huyeron .
But were detained little after in a stopover in Landsberger Allee .
A man in wheelchair of wheelchair arrastrado by a car and been him
A man in wheelchair of wheelchair s been him the cross a street in Schwedt .
The Saturday the man wanted cross a street by a step of pedestrian and not was seen by a conductora , as reported the police .
The their arrastró the man , that . fell in the street and hirió in the head .
chance that receive treatment in a hospital .
A child of seven years atropellado and him in Wedding
A child of seven years was atropellado by a car and s been him the Monday by the later in the street Tegeler Straße in Wedding , Berlin .
Llegó to a hospital with injured in the face and in the pierna , as reported the police the Monday .
The child was atropellado of suddenly in the street by a car reading by a woman of 53 years .
This not I ruthless their their before and what atropelló .
The child not was linked of adults .
A dressed been him in Kreuzberg
A dressed of 46 years was atropellado by a car and s been him to last time the Sunday by the later in the street Gneisenaustraße , Kreuzberg , Berlin .
Llegó to a hospital with injured in the head and with is humour , as reported the police the Monday .
still not is clear how happened the collision with the their of a young of 22 years .
A car calcinado in Köpenick
A car was calcinado to first hours of the morning the Monday in the street Dregerhoffstraße in Köpenick , Berlin .
A man of 32 years tried apagar the fire , said a spokesman of the police .
not what managed and the recreational had that control the fire .
In As the their , . was of a model former .
It is that was a fire caused , without reasons political .
Huida the place of a accident in Lichtenberg
After a serious accident the night the Sunday in Lichtenberg , the driver fled without be of their his him .
The man patinó with their lorry in the street Möllendorfstraße , met against a poste of the Motorway and is in a to , as comunicó the police .
A conductora of tram could stop to time and was flee the driver .
The recreational , avisados , had that from to a young of 23 years been him the their destrozado and taken to a hospital .
The dueña the their pressed then that their car had been stolen was little .
Incendio in a sótano in Tempelhof
The night the Sunday . quemó a box a sótano in a home of Tempelhof .
The inquilino of this home in Marienfelder Allee notó smoke in the ladders and avisó to the recreational , as reported the police .
. continuation . relax to a young interested in the jobs of extinction .
But the fraud not . anticipated , by what that was since in freedom .
Heridos in a fight in a local of food fast
Two customers were injured in a fight in a local of food fast of Pankow the night the Sunday .
Four men of age between 18 and 21 years started to pelear with two sellers the restaurant on the 1 : 20 in the walk Promenade Prenzlauer , as comunicó the police .
Two young of 19 years quisieron help , to what that were features and pataleados of suddenly by the cuarteto .
Both experienced injured in the head .
The four superior were be detained in the restaurant .
A purposeful man skinheads in station of metre and their agresor arrested
A purposeful man socorrió to a girl acosada in the station of metre of Gesundbrunnen and was you .
Three matones agredieron the man of 41 years the Saturday and to residential with puñetazos and echaron spray of pimienta in the face .
The trío fled after .
Little after a young of 19 years was arrested under suspicion , as reported the police .
A passer-by avisó to the police by the mobile .
The officials found the spray of pimienta in a promptly close of the station of metre .
The purposeful man received treatment ambulatorio in a hospital .
starts to arder a zanja in the area of Botschaftsviertel
In a zanja in the area of Botschaftsviertel in Tiergarten . declared a fire the Saturday .
On the 12 : a.m. hours , close of Schweißarbeiten in the street Tiergartenstraße . incendió material of construction , as comunicó the police .
Surgió a great cloud of smoke , that . could see with clarity since far .
The recreational came with four units and were control the fire with quickly .
with the fire , . who a system of heating urban and cables of aware .
In the estática of the zanja had that be unimpressive currently , said a spokesman of the recreational .
No person s wound in the fire .
During the jobs of extinction , the street Tiergartenstraße was closed the traffic of cars and buses .
A man of 40 years been him in a vicinity
killed issue asaltaron to a man of 40 years the Friday by the later in Mitte and what attack been .
The man caminaba on the 23 : 30 hours by the street Martin-Opitz-Straße when was diet by three criminals that to good the time , as the police comunicó the Saturday .
. continuation the men trialogues to their victim , the residential of suddenly , the derribaron to patadas and huyeron with their portfolio and mobile .
The police found the man been him tumbado in the street and avisaron the doctor of urgent .
The man had that be admitted in a hospital .
A father atacó to a conductora of tram to their son
The Friday by the later , a father circulating insultó to a conductora of tram and the theme then to the look of their son of four years .
The working of 49 years of BVG had that stop in the street Seestraße in Wedding , the be atacada of suddenly by a man of 30 years , as the police reported the Saturday .
The man to was a puñetazo in the face to the look their son .
The police relax quickly the man circulating , the child had that be recogido by their grandfather .
The conductora of tram s slightly wound .
A contenedor of waste incendiado in Wedding
The night the Saturday , a issue incendiaron a contenedor of waste in a yard militarily of Wedding .
A neighbour notó the ceasefire on average night and was to two men I of dark flee by the wall the graveyard adyacente of the street Steegerstraße , as comunicó the police .
The recreational , avisados , were apagar quickly the fire .
A vandalising labrador hungry sit a hornilla , incendiando a housing
A vandalising hungry resulted possesses the fire of a housing in Brandenburgo / Vaclav .
probably , the vandalising saltó on the fogón for achieve the food , as reported the police the Friday .
Movió the regulator and encendió a hornilla .
It prendieron papers on the fogón .
The housing the quarter out of the home of neighbourhood started to arder the Thursday by the later .
The vandalising died by suffocation of gases of resultant .
It have proseguido the estate by negligence guilty of fire against the inquilina of 18 years , that not was in the housing for the fire .
Estreno world of &apos; Crepúsculo &apos; in Hollywood with many large stars
Lluvia of flashes , fan histéricas , it stars of &apos; Crepúsculo &apos; , in the estreno world of &apos; Amanecer &apos; thousands of curiosos did to the carpet teñida of black the Crawford Nokia in The neoplasia .
The parade of the stars for several hours .
not desilusionó to the fan of the saga of vampiros : Robert Pattinson , the actor-vampiro , their rival-hombre lobo , an Lautner and the bella &apos; Bella &apos; , Kristen Stewart signed autógrafos and posaron with the fan .
In the quarter part , Bella . casará by end with their great love .
SAP to doblar their figure of employees in China
SAP , the greater manufacturer of software of Europe invested thousands of million in the following years in China and to almost doblar their figure of employees in the country .
far 2015 circularán approximately two billion million of dollars ( approximately 1.5 billion million of EUR ) , reported the consortium of dax the Tuesday .
&apos; Conseguiremos more installations for the research and the development and contrataremos workers &apos; , avisó garage McDermott , co-presidente , in a conference in Beijing .
The personal must grow of Not workers currently to frame .
The figure of sucursales the leader the market international for software of companies . doblará of five to ten or eleven .
far now , SAP is present in Beijing , Shanghái , Cantón , Chengdú and Dalián .
Around 4 of the more of 176.000 customers international of SAP have their based in the country the boom .
The plans of growth in China are also a important element of the strategy for 2012 the consortium of dax .
SAP to increase their volume of sales for 2015 to 20 billion million of EUR .
The last year ingresó approximately 12,5 thousands of million of EUR .
currently the business the suministrador of software that use to 50.000 workers in all the world , will so well as few sometimes in the last .
SAP has 20 years active in China .
&apos; currently want The our activities ( ... ) &apos; , he McDermott .
&apos; Our aim is activar a growth lasting in China by a wider training . &apos;
Masacre to level personal
The smell and generous new book of Peter Englund , The contest and the pain of the battle ( The Beauty and the Sorrow ) : A history íntima about of the First War World , &apos; beginning with a long dramatis personae the kind that can to that to one . to caiga the soul to the feet .
I here some by of action : Arranque suavemente this Indeed and conviértala in their mark pages .
will to know very well to these people in the narración novelística the Mr Englund , and this dramatis personae will as their GPS , a faro for these few at in the that , as one of their men and women , is confusing and desamparado in the fog of the war .
The Mr Englund is a I and journalist Swedish .
also is the new secretary permanent of the Academy Sueca , that giver the Prize Nobel of Literatura .
What that has writing here is a book little aware , that describes , rightly , as &apos; a work of anti-historia &apos; .
Contiene some names triumphs , treaties important or frugal battles ; virtually not there ambassadors , elegant journalists or further on tactical or material .
not is therefore a book about of what happened , explains , as &apos; a book about of how happened &apos; . deals about of &apos; feelings , from , experiences and states of humour &apos; .
&apos; The contest and the pain of the battle &apos; being the experiences in times of war of more or least 20 men and women ordinarias , to both both of the war , since colegialas and botánicos to escaladores , doctors , drivers of wound and administrative .
Some of these people . convertirán in heroes .
Some . convertirán in prisoners of war , or than their Member , . will mad or morirán .
Their lives parpadean here as velas votivas encendidas in a church ; a new . add to the a while other . go .
The book the Mr Englund is a handicap of the books of history standard .
is also a correctivo to the notion of that the First War World only was the funesta war of trincheras in the with Western .
&apos; The contest and the pain of the battle &apos; . all of way skilled to through of other teatros of war : the Alps , the Balkans , the with Eastern , Mesopotamia , Africa the This .
. the soldiers in this book them give above the colmenas ; one is the Christmas in Egypt under the pirámides ; the sledgehammer tsetse are a problem intratable .
This is a book conmovedor , almost since the start .
The war inunda the lives of these people as a disaster natural , a Mitch hurricane that apesta to cordita .
When the ceasefire of it . as in the distance , and you a woman that is in home with your children , ? you quedas or huyes ?
In all forms ? who next ?
Almost nobody understand what that is happening , or even by what . has that fight this war .
&apos; Carencia of facts &apos; , noticeable the Mr Englund , &apos; . has rellenado with conjeturas , suposiciones , hopes , scares , ideas fixed , Municipal of the conspiración , dreams , pesadillas and rumours &apos; .
&apos; The contest and the pain of the battle &apos; still to individuals as Florence Farmborough , a nurse English in the army Russian , and Richard Stumpf , a young marinero German of the fleet of high sea .
Their stories . have successful in their greater part of flash , letters and another material already published previously .
The explanations of their lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras , but are more vaults of life in the accumulation of small at , details stumbling , the Mr Englund .
Many of these are about of privaciones and of somehow with what that there .
Acerca of have the history of a colegiala German says : &apos; Sucedáneos , by all parties sucedáneos &apos; .
&apos; Sucedáneo of coffee , hypermarkets untrue , soup of imitation , vendas of role , botones of wood . &apos;
Continúa about of the food sucedánea in Germany .
Describe &apos; meat nation to from of rice cocido and prensado in blubber of carnero ( and rematado with a hueso untrue fact of wood ) ; tobacco fact of roots and peladuras of potatoes stations ; shoes with suelas of wood &apos; .
There , noticeable , &apos; 837 substitutes permitidos of the meat in the production of salchichas , 511 substitutes the coffee registered &apos; .
Some stories are about the honour and the value .
A American recognised their own momentum towards the who and world about of the war : &apos; Sientes that , after of all , this is for what that the men are designed and not for who in sillones with a cigarro and a whisky , the newspaper of the later or a best seller , and removing that that varnish means civilisation and that not there a barbaric behind of that pechera almidonada and tachonada . &apos;
In change a Soldier British . . account of that probably morirá , and of that nobody . enterará or to importará .
&apos; A time that one . resigna the thinking of sacrificarse , to one to like think that could post-Gaddafi front the public &apos; , it .
In change , is horriblemente it &apos; to a condemned being estrangulado in secret &apos; .
Others comments are about of a old Europe builds , and about of new types of terror .
&apos; The conflict . has become each time more in a competition economic &apos; , it the Mr Englund , &apos; a war between factories &apos; .
Refleja the arrival of what that he is &apos; a new kind in the bestiario the young century : The murderer in mass elocuente and convinced ideológicamente with ropas of good textiles that executes their fighters while is at behind of a escritorio &apos; .
The people . means of ways imprevistas ; there therefore behaviour innoble as heroico .
The Mr Englund about of the soldiers that us actively take a disease venérea of prostitutes as way of evade the service in the with .
&apos; The expression more redeeming of this . can see the trade of Optimism gonocócico , that the soldiers buy and embadurnan with this their genitales with the hope of end in the hospital &apos; , it .
&apos; they that are truly desperate what frotan on their eyes , what that to often . place to a ceguera of by life . &apos;
In this translation the Swedish nation by Peter Graves , the prosa the Mr Englund ágil but not extravagante , is perfectly adaptada to their task human .
In dozens of small scenes reflects the way in the that the war to &apos; up forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : Nacionalismo extreme , revolution social , hatred religious &apos; .
The people starts to ask by what their leaders them are doing combat .
The best books about of the First War World to often have been indirectos , as The Britain War and the memory modern of Paul Fussell , or novelas as , - in the with of Erich María Remarque , in time of stories integrales .
The volume the Mr Englund . unite to a panteón little growers .
Their book has one of the end more Beside that I remember in a labour of not fiction .
not what revelaré .
But is as if would come since their book , arrancado of between your It that Indeed of dramatis personae , and the would planted with a cerilla .
After a step in untrue run-up , a assault planeado the minute
Hundreds of players of police were involucrados , some of them As helmets rough .
It made the night the Monday the Tuesday because the park Zuccotti would more gap .
The operation . remained in secret unless for a few official of high senior , saying p.m. to the others that were uniéndose to a exercise .
The inspector of police Raymond W. three-yearold was in the centre , their presence subrayaba how the operation . plagaba of challenges for the department of police .
not could verge the episodes of weeks recent , as the pulverización of espray pimienta on the demonstrators , infringiendo the rules the department and coming a storm of sympathy public towards the &apos; okupas &apos; .
And by this the operation police for despejar the park Zuccotti of demonstrators . reveló after of two weeks of planning and Invariably .
The players . had prepared watching as . had developed the occupations in other cities .
A simulacro of disaster greater was taking place in Randalls Island , with a eye eye towards Zuccotti .
The players incrementaron the called Invariably of louder - measures contraterroristas that implicaban - quickly to a great number of official of police - for Firstly in the Lower Manhattan .
The last session of Invariably was in the night the Monday , in the hand of Manhattan the river Rape .
The ordenes of into in the park came in the &apos; last minute &apos; , said someone familiarizado with the orders , that . refirieron to the mission only as &apos; a exercise &apos; .
&apos; . the few polis that know that were called for this , not them said that was for into in the park Zuccotti &apos; , said the person , that spoke of way anonymous .
&apos; The earthquakes people that they that would to into in the park Zuccotti were in the more higher levels the department . &apos;
A reason for the steer was a lesson aprendida by the city .
The 14 of October , a players quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators overview before of time after of have heard about of the plans .
The operation the Tuesday led to players of several units police , including forces special of all the district municipal - tens of players mobile that members housing inundar the areas with high rate of crime .
The Mr three-yearold said that very people , as those that travel daily the work , had state race-going and viniendo the park for the day , doing of the 1 a.m. a good time for into .
&apos; was appropriate do when as the will number of people in the park &apos; , said .
Camiones of the Unit of Servicios of Emergencia with focos and altavoces . congregaban in the cruce of Pike Slip with Franklin am Roosevelt Drive , close the bridge of Manhattan , before of out .
The go and the messages pregrabados that retumbaban since the altavoces offensive intimidated to many demonstrators .
The players of matters Community were the park with their cortavientos blue clear , many demonstrators simply recogieron their things and . were .
not . tocó no shop to the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , giving time to the demonstrators to up their pertenencias .
Other equipment of players were seen reuniéndose in the kilometres for into if . needed to arrests in the park .
The journalists in the park were labour to abandonarlo .
Paul J. Browne , the spokesman head the Department of Police , said that was by their security .
But many journalists said that . tried avoid that soalready to the police into in action in the park , and that had been treaties bruscamente by the players .
The Mr Browne said that the units mobile of television in Church Street , to what long the on Western the park , were recaptured images .
. measure that the police . movía towards the westwards to through of the densa web of effects personal of the demonstrators , including luggage and regulator of waste of role and of plastic abarrotadas of clothes , equipment the Department of Limpieza them trialogues , recogiendo what that . &quot; back .
Some demonstrators that . refused to get were arrastrados outside , apareciendo images in Internet little time after .
A group central of demonstrators took positions close of the area of kitchen the camp , close the centre the park .
Some did a barrier , and the police it for arrestarlos metódicamente .
In about to a 10 people in the epicentro the camp . candaron between them by the sit .
And two people . encadenaron to trees , said the Mr three-yearold .
The players the service of emergencies were called for cortar the candados .
not . did sentences in the park to more or least the 3 : 30 a.m. , said the Mr three-yearold .
The operation of despeje was full a 75 minutes after , said the police .
The Mr Browne said that a declarations people were dark in the park .
The greater part of the sentences were by &apos; at the order public and resistance to the authority &apos; , said .
The or of more high senior in the scene was Wresinski J. Espósito , the head the department , the official higher uniformado in the department .
Phil T. Pulaski , the head of detectives the department , also was there .
The Mr three-yearold , while was present , &apos; not was dirigiendo the operations &apos; , said the Mr Browne .
A Secondly group of players than to what long the hand Eastern of Broadway , between the streets previously and Cedar , in case of that tell that into .
It alzaron barricadas in the street Cortlandt , a bloc the north the park , and in the street Pine , a bloc the southern .
Since these positions , . was to the police why the kilometres even more beyond the park Zuccotti .
In a time given , a series of players , many of them with shields , were seen rolling to the people towards afuera .
There a 28 people in the kilometres north .
terrific of the action more stereos of the night had place the southern the park .
In about to the 5 a.m. , the southern of the street Pine , a manifestante saltó on the sensor of a car of police , and to other . them was quitando the air of the wheelchair of a furgoneta of police .
In a time given , a one of contrachapado went fly since the a .
At end , a or and a manifestante were hospitalizados .
The &apos; of workers of support demandará to the city by the redundancies
The &apos; that represents to hundreds of workers of support school that lost their jobs the month last planea exceeding to the city the Wednesday , And that the redundancies were superfluous and fuel because to their impact desproporcionado on the schools that atienden to students poor .
The demand is , possibly , the last weapon to available the &apos; , the district municipal 37 , in their effort by revocar the redundancies .
Seiscientos was and two assistants of the school , the curiously of parents and other employees that were between the worst paid of the city lost their work the 7 of October , in a movement that the leaders trade have to as a venganza policy by their negative to allow , the spring last , the access by part of the city to a fund of assistance health to office of groups of work for close their gap budgetary .
The authorities municipal have denied categorically that with .
In a hearing in the Ayuntamiento the month last , the consejero of education , Ross Vries Walcott , said that the redundancies were a part the budget approved in June .
A Member the Council contraatacó him that nothing in the budget especificaba that the Member the personal of support of the school would dismissed .
detailing the district municipal 37 said that tabled the complaint by writing , advirtiendo the Department of Education of that would scrutiny . It will a conference of press the Wednesday for announce the presentation official of the demand , in the Court Supreme State in Manhattan .
The demand include the Mr Walcott and the Department of Education of the city as accused , and account with eight workers dismissed as complainant , all them women blackest or latinas , the as that the majority of the assistants that lost their jobs .
Elizabeth Greek , spokesman the Department Legal of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and by what therefore not could to comments on their claims specific .
According a draft of the demand successful by The New York Times , the &apos; . has focused in the number of redundancies in the schools of areas poor of the city for support a complaint by treatment unfair , saying that the schools poor lost more assistants , already that had been insuficientemente contrary of way risk .
It out that if well not was redundancies in Staten Island and a few redundancies in the schools in the Upper Rape Side or TriBeCa , 17 assistants schoolchildren lost their jobs in the showed 23 in Brownsville , Brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed in the Distritos 8 and 9 in the South the Bronx .
mind in account the loss of five of the eight assistants employees by the College Public 36 in Harlem , where the taxation by % of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , &apos; This not is a area of parents wealthiest that they tax-raising funds for cover the deficit budgetary &apos; .
P.D. The budget the district 36 . reduced in a 3,26 by % this year , and also lost money when the city changed the way in that estimated the funding additional for each incorporate by student poor in the schools .
The &apos; also says that the directors of schools imperative can have been unaware by the language in a memorándum that forming the learn of the curiously of parents .
The memorándum his the word &apos; surplus &apos; for under the action , to despite of that &apos; surplus &apos; describes with greater often the act of it to a proxy of the nómina of a school to a stock of work , whose just are paid by the office central .
&apos; Sesenta and six curiously of parents were dismissed &apos; , says the draft of the complaint , &apos; and not only in surplus &apos; .
Misión draw , the Congress prepared for to to a agreement on Libya
It that finally Republican and democrats in the Capitolio are prepared to only of agreement on something related with the embargo in Libya .
all what that . needed was that the rebellion had success , that the contractor dictator Muamar the Gaddafi outside bombing and murdered and the participation of States United came to their end .
The Tuesday , the Committee of Affairs Foreign the Senate is to be a resolution , patrocinada by the President John Kerry ( democrat by Massachusetts ) , with with the senadores John McCain ( republicano by coldest ) and Wresinski I. Lieberman ( independent by Connecticut ) , aplaudiendo to the who by their successful rebellion and to the troops of US by their &apos; courage &apos; .
&apos; This resolution is for honrar to the valientes of Libya , the start to rebuild their country &apos; , said Kerry .
&apos; is a claim of support bipartidista for their aspirations democratic . &apos;
The language can appear inofensivo , but nothing on the debate on Libya has been easy to now .
This summer , the legislators of both parties . peleaban between itself and with the House White on the significant of a series of resolutions for approve or reject the role of the military of US in the mission of the NATO in Libya .
In June , Kerry and McCain tabled a resolution that forming the use limited of forces military of US in Libya .
The project of law was derrotado in the House by a broader for bipartidista , and that never came to votarse in the Senate .
But the same day in that the project of law was rejected in the House , the chamber also rejected a measure that would recortado the funds for the operations Americans in Libya .
helps with the mission of US in a kind of purgatory legislative - with the Congress what enough upsetting as for criticise the within by part of Obama of the mission , but not so enfadado as for in reality segar the hierba under their feet .
. continuation , the indecisión the Congress was superada by the events .
Trípoli fell in hands of the rebels who in August , and Gaddafi was murdered the 20 of October .
The mission of the NATO end official the 31 of October .
now the Senate could be completed for act .
The resolution the Committee of Affairs Foreign &apos; welcomes the people of Libya by their tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance for shake to itself ourselves &apos; and &apos; commends to the men and women of the Fuerzas Armadas of States United and to their partners of the coalition that took in operations military for protect the people of Libya by their extraordinary courage and professionalism &apos; .
The resolution also &apos; states the interest national of the States United in a successful and multi-year transition towards the democracy in Libya . &apos;
? Ganará the new measure the completely support of the committee of Affairs Foreign , or dividirá to the legislators as was the project of law of June ?
The last version was rejected by the Senator Richard G. Lugar ( Indiana ) , the main republicano the committee .
The spokesman of Lugar said the Monday that not had seen still the version end the new project of law .
At another hand the Capitolio , the House is to vote this week on a amendment constitutional demanding a budget well-balanced , a priority legislative for almost all the congresistas Republican and some democrats .
The measure , patrocinada by the republicano clocked Goodlatte ( republicano by Virginia ) , will the first amendment constitutional on the budget or any another issue that of fact logre a vote of whole the assembly in the House or the Senate in this Congress .
Other legislators not have had success to the time for to to their amendments to the assembly , but not by lack of attempts .
The of Goodlatte is only a of the taxation amendments constitutional that . have We in this Congress , that abarcan a wider range of subjects .
Some are duplicados - the same project of law . proposes therefore in the House as in the Senate - and other with small shift between itself .
There by what least 15 versions of the amendment the balance budgetary so only in the House , and another handful that &apos; orbit the expenditure federal . &apos;
Some of these projects of law also are idénticos between itself , but are to their patrocinadores - on all Republican job that for refinar their currículums - the opportunity of jactarse of that them were the &apos; authors &apos; of this measure .
The Act of Audit of budget , that was adopted in August , requirió that therefore the House as the Senate voted a amendment the balance budgetary .
In March , 58 senadores voted to favour of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of that amendment .
than beyond the budget , several Member want limit the number of mandatos that the Member the Congress can to , while that the representative José coli Serrano ( democrat by New York ) , to validity the limit of two mandatos for the chairmen .
The representative Jesse L. recycling Jr . ( democrat by Illinois ) has proposed a series of amendments that an the right to a education of quality and attention health , between other subjects .
A amendment that prohibits the marriage ordinary is a proposal perenne , so as a that prohibits the burning of flags .
Some legislators also want allow the written-off of the laws federal if are been by two thirds of the states .
Only enthusiasts that have been the Member to the time of propose amendments , not . are strings to a pace more quickly that in years previous .
In the 111º Congress , the legislators Those 77 amendments , and tabled 66 in the 110º .
The pace is unacceptable in compared with the of the the of 1990 , when the Member were regularly more of 150 amendments each two years , according figures proporcionadas by the Biblioteca the Senate .
But not had a more success then of what that what have now .
The last amendment that . added - the 27 - was void in 1992 , but of fact was proposal by the Congress in 1789 .
&apos; Golpeada but not derrotada , &apos; Giffords about in their first interview in broadcasters since the shootout
Ten months after of that a pistolero to disparara to quemarropa in a act constitutional in Tucson , the representative Gabrielle Giffords ( democrat by coldest ) about in the television national the night the Monday , sung accompanied of the melodía of Broadway &apos; The sun nothing morning &apos; and said that wanted recuperarse more of what that wanted return the Congress .
In their emergence in ABC News &apos; 20 / 20 &apos; , with Diane Sawyer , Giffords elites for be prayers and needed aid for walking .
The programme documentó their difficult way of back of the damage caused by a bullet that to fracturó the cráneo and perforó the hand izquierdo of their brain , and that step since the with to the part the of their head .
ago three months , the by surprise to the House for such their vote triunfante in the agreement the homeless of debt .
In their first interview TV since the shootout of January , that saw to six and hirió to 13 , Giffords sonrió , . rio and sung - and described their recovery as &apos; difficult &apos; .
When Sawyer to asked how . feel , Giffords , of 41 years , replied : &apos; Bastante well &apos; .
The interview with Giffords and their bearing , the astronaut Mark three-yearold , was part of a programme special of &apos; 20 / 20 &apos; of a time of long-term , that . issued the eve of the publication the new book of the couple , &apos; Gabby : A history of courage and hope &apos; .
The programme special analizaba the recovery of Giffords since the shootout the 8 of January .
In videos normally by three-yearold in the first weeks , . the is in their bed of hospital , with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls their with .
She only can keep one or two It erguidos , while their husband the - .
Meses more later , . is to Giffords ages in a wheelchair of wheelchair while the terapeutas to taught how to actions Purchases .
A movement of head .
A fruncimiento of the labios .
And then , their first word : &apos; What &apos; .
In few days , Giffords them other word - &apos; tostada &apos; , a request of change in their one-click of Breakfast .
Videos consumed by ABC show that the music rugby a role central in the recovery of Giffords : It is to the congresista cantando with with the terapeutas the songs &apos; Girls Just Wanna Have Fun &apos; of Cyndi Lauper and &apos; Free Falling &apos; of Tom Petty .
In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , that ago two hours of been all the days , said that not reminds the day the shootout .
Their bearing said that was leyéndole to Giffords a Article the newspaper on the murder the 12 of March when it what relax for ask by first time about of the six that had died in the incident .
The pistolero suspect , Jared &quot; Loughner , . is arrested in a prison of senatorial and is being medicado by the force while expected trial .
&apos; Many people died &apos; , to said Giffords to Sawyer .
&apos; Duro , hard , hard . &apos;
three-yearold to said to Sawyer that in a time of the recovery of their wife , it said : &apos; I been derrotada . &apos;
&apos; So that , I to I , &apos; &apos; Gabby , not Olivier been derrotada , &apos; &apos; said three-yearold .
&apos; Only only Olivier been hit .
And you to out of this , and you to recuperarte and you to again with more force that never . &apos;
The troops do feel more lástima that respect
The event was a by of Wall Street that recaudó million of dollars for the veteranos without home in New York .
Kid Rock sung a balada on the of , the in and the loss .
In that time , several hundreds of soldiers , sailors , aviadores and infantes of marine claiming in their jobs in about to he .
The a of though . it of ordinary and aplaudieron .
&apos; The men and women were who as heroes &apos; , said David Saltzman , who organised the - of funds of spring .
A official military of high senior in the by , also known as the then President the State Army EU-Turkey , the almirante Mike Mullen , was the role of the troops of way different .
&apos; The were as a kind of child huérfano &apos; , wrote the official in a e-mail electronic .
I sure of that the organizers they good intentions .
It that the they .
But not was respect , of truth . was lástima .
The from marcadamente at incompatibility the difficult relationship that . has helplessness of the military and a public US to often distante , to sometimes , adorador .
It prodiga to the troops with praise by their incompatible .
But the alabanza has a price , say the Member the service .
The public each time more acts as if to dieran worth those uniformados .
&apos; not are victims in all &apos; , said the general of Colchester-based Whatever B. MacFarland , who comandó the troops in Iraq and soon partirá towards Afghanistan .
&apos; But seems that the only way of that some Unless their support is put to us in the role of souls desamparadas . &apos;
The issue is a issue very sensitive for the leaders military , that not want appear desagradecidos or in disagreement with the public the that serve .
also . are account of that the ira to the that . enfrentaron the troops that were in the last years of the war of Vietnam was a worst .
As result , the majority of the discussions on the lástima . are to out in silence and in private between the veteranos of war .
After of that their two children were of combat with the Infantería of Marina , the Colonel withdrawn Mark Cancian them warned of that the people from of the military New their service since two prospects .
Some them mirarían with a sense of fear because to that . enfrentaron to the insurgents and travelled to places exóticos .
Other . preguntarían if would a &apos; contractor enojado and turn below of the surface &apos; , said Cancian , that goal in Iraq and Chamberlain to a work of high level the government in Washington .
During their search of employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores to had was sutilmente if would capable of aguantar under the pressure of a assignment work of Washington immediately after of their revolves of combat .
&apos; When hablas about of your service , necesitas to with to the from negative &apos; , reminded Cancian contándoselo to their children .
Surge the concern military , in part , of the fighters US towards the wars .
The achievements in the field of battle are rarely time elected for the alabanza by part of a country that has little familiaridad with the military and is few profits direct of the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan .
&apos; We , as nation , already not value the heroísmo military of ways that were the all common in the Second War World &apos; , said the messages general withdrawn David Barno , who comandó the troops of US in Afghanistan .
In change , the praise of the political and the public . concentrate in great measure in the depth the suffering of a Member the service .
The troops are recognised by the number of giras that have soportado , the number of friends that have lost or the reach of their injury .
The army afronta a growing pressure for end with the violation
This week , a hearing historic decide if 28 women and men have a case against the army by their secondly passivity to the violation .
If not , hundreds of complainant . are organising for the next .
The Soldier of first Elizabeth Lyman had 25 years and 11 weeks of pregnancy the night in the that it says that was raped by a about .
was October of 2008 , and . Schuman of return to their Álava in the Base Air Miramar , the north of St evacuated , after of the dinner with a friend when . found with a colleague that was a package of 12 latas of beer .
He to asked if could joining to it in their room for take a glass .
&apos; Sonó a signal of alarm &apos; , says Lyman .
, however , the nativa of Texas with to a hand their concern .
I , not , has 19 .
&apos; is of Texas &apos; , says .
&apos; running would heard to my violates . &apos;
. the few minutes of into in the room of Lyman , the man . to acercó by behind , tirándola towards from and violándola , referendums .
This week , the 18 of November , Lyman and other 27 Member the personal military current and old expect ansiosamente a decision legal in a trial historic that . will in Arlington , Virginia , that decide if the demand that have interpuesta against the exsecretario of Defence Robert garage and their predecessor , Donald Rumsfeld , fare to trial .
The demand referendums that garage and Rumsfeld top in the reduction of the violation widespread between the military , in violation of the rights constitutional of the soldiers .
Presentada in February by Susan Burke , a who of Washington , D.C. , the demand discussed p.m. to 17 complainant , but creció to 28 in the months following , 25 women and three men , all them expensive that were violados or agredidos sexually by their colleagues , and that the army owned to the time of with , assertion , or odour justice appropriate after of the supuestas subjected .
Burke says that is to by the flat greater the army , because the problem beginning with them .
&apos; The army is a structure of down towards from &apos; , says .
&apos; ? stands are the people that are in conditions of eradicate the culture of the represalias ? The high was . &apos;
Burke also says that since February , . have since in contact with it close of 400 survivors more , many of the which could be part of future demands .
Their strategy : In place of earned to all the complainant in this case , by all the eggs in a same basket , by so say , is to to several cases , of be necessary , for keep the pressure .
The team of the defence for the Department of Defence , encabezado by the tax federal outskirts MacBride , has presented a motion for underestimating the case .
The documents the court , gulf by Newsweek , detailed the strategy of defence - essence , that the military not can be demandados by soldiers current or old by the injury subjected in the forces armed .
, a ruling the Court Supreme of 1950s so-called the Doctrina Feres , the government federal not is responsible by the damage sufridos by the personal in service active .
&apos; The damage alegados are part the service military of the complainant &apos; , say the documents .
The Department of Defence . refused to to comments for this Article .
The things have changed since the years 50 .
While that to the women still them is official ban serve in combat , this distinction is only roll : The wars modern rarely time have clear the lines the with .
Both in Iraq as in Afghanistan , the equipment of women Soldier are desempeñando papers each time more important , especially for to to the women local in areas of war .
The result : between these two wars , 150 women Soldier have died and two thirds of them in situations of combat .
is time of that the army also . modernice , says Burke .
She not is single in their fight , and other three demands are in into , also the their .
In the struck of law of Yale , the Clínica of Servicios Legal for Veteranos is for a case against the four main cater military by supposed promote a environment misógino .
, other part , the organisation without mind of profit Vietnam Veterans of America is his a demand against the army that . on in the verdicts of &apos; nuisance of the status &apos; year to the victims of violation with the end of them the high the service -un skeletons common , according the activists , as Anu Bhagwati of the Network of Action of Mujeres in Service , a group of rights human .
Their group presented a demand in December against the Administration of Veteranos , acusándola of practices discriminates in the way in that &apos; the complaints of profits for the people that say have been agredidas sexually in the service .
It have presented nine projects of law by separate in the Congress by part of a a bipartidista of senadores and representatives , for a series of correcciones .
In 2010 was 3.158 subjected sexual denunciadas , according the Office for the Prevention of the Agresión Sexual and Respuesta the Department of Defence .
, however , the subjected are a infra denunciadas , and by the own estimates the Pentagon , that figure in approximately the rigid by % of the 19000 incidents ladies that . being that year .
The report , published in March , also distribution the We of prosecution : in 2010 , a 20 by % of the cases denunciados in the army was to trial - the half that in the system of justice civil .
The complainant in the case of Burke , describen their attacks as only the first of a series of there .
In the case of Lyman , deplored the presunta violation to the police military least of a time after of that ocurriera .
That night , says , . to asked that contara the details of their violation 11 sometimes various to a a of police , medical , and staff .
She . concluded to a kit of violation , and the blood of their agresor - a on in their brazo- was Order in their bed .
Six months after , in April of 2009 , Lyman relocation to a hearing to a judge , for the which . to asked about of that would had relations sexual with their novio the day the attack .
Six people &apos; as witnessing of status in name the alleged author , that was finally absuelto .
&apos; I the day in that . Surján the verdict &apos; , says Lyman .
&apos; I that I was to go the work -me I shouting since the room . &apos;
&apos; I put in the unit of psiquiatría , and when I , I that to I to my official of was , &apos; &apos; That not was their trial . That was my trial &apos; .
. Lyman . to thirteen visit to a psiquiatra military , that finally to malnourished a nuisance of the status , what that the was not apta for the service .
In January of 2010 was dispensada the service under terms menos-que-honorables , what that to from receive any benefit .
In As to if the case presented by Lyman and their colleagues of demand continues , is a possibility very people.If , says John Turley , a of law in the struck of law Orwell Washington .
, however , out , &apos; In my opinion , should be able of to forward &apos; .
What that . interpone between them and a verdict is this entailed that has been criticada since that . published by first time .
I been a critical permanent of the Doctrina Feres .
The army is decades by behind because not has the same incentive and deterrent that begs the responsibility .
And adds : &apos; The back are are in against of them ... but is important for them try . &apos;
These things only period when the people good is ready to fight .
If the hearing not is by their way , Burke , who of the complainant , will to the EU to their other hundreds of complainant for cases will .
&apos; We to to fighting against the army in this issue to that the reform . would &apos; , says .
&apos; Or to that us muramos , what that happen first .
The walls have eyes : How the researchers you are at in Facebook
Before of become in the new face of the extreme right in Europe , Anders Behring Breivik was simply another kind that aireaba their points of view anti-inmigración in line .
The Monday , Breivik , who deed have done a killing in Norway in July , that with 77 dead , . &apos; to their first hearing legal public .
While Breivik can have action only , was far of be only in the ciberespacio : There last the greater part the time that preceded to their attack with to their computer , charlando with some of the million of nationalists that support to the groups of right in networks social .
After of the tragedy of this summer , the researchers wanted know more about of these people .
But , ? how encontrarlas ?
Fácil - only you that into in Facebook .
&apos; We We account of that not was so difficult to to them &apos; , says Jamie Bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital European by the centre of studies British DEMOS .
The alijo of information personal of Facebook is so enciclopédico , says Bartlett , that the researchers could simply use the tool of advertising for The their characteristics demográficas deseadas with a precise scientific - the way that the sellers have state they for years .
The team of Bartlett found a million of fan of the groups of right in whole Europe and then them dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new bandwidth or product of dieta , the announcements invitaban to the users to complete a survey that he on their level education , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on their own future .
At to to through of Facebook , Bartlett and their colleagues were able of to to more of 000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 countries European - all without out of the office .
&apos; is a way completely new of to a research &apos; , says Bartlett .
Some of the results not are the all surprising : The supporters in line of the groups of right tend to be young , men and enfadados by the immigration .
, however , in a kind of issuing , &apos; those that combined their activismo in line with the activismo outside of line are more reasonable , more democratic and least violent that those that . are behind of the screen the computer &apos; .
The work of DEMOS is only a example of how Facebook . is becoming in a new and important tool in hands of the scientists .
Centros of research , researchers medical and scientists political are they the website for to all , since problems of health to trends social such as . &apos;s in the &apos; I like &apos; , messages in the walls and updates of state .
With more of 800 million of users active agregando a average of three parts of content the day , the &apos; supernova of data &apos; of Facebook is and a on of the research , pushing the number of jobs academic with the name the website in the title to almost a 800 % in the last five years .
For some researchers , the contest of Facebook is that you allows to to the people to the that not podías acercarte with a carpeta in the street .
&apos; Before , when intentabas encuestar to people the Party National British , was very difficult identificarlos . &apos;
&apos; Tendrías that go to through the party , and them never you 10.6 the access &apos; , says Bartlett .
&apos; Facebook UEN all that - you to them directly . &apos;
Other say that the website could provide a way of identify and address the problems of salud-social .
A study recent done by the doctora Megan Moreno , of the University of Wisconsin-Madison and their colleagues , found that the students It that they of their hazañas of borrachera in Facebook they a risk significantly greater of have problems with the drink that the students that refused in silence on the issue .
Moreno suggests that the colleagues of the students , such as the dispatches residenciales , could control the website and intervene for help to a student that it too updates of state with their Binge .
&apos; not you try a problem if not what you diagnosticar &apos; , said gave Christakis , the co-autor of Moreno and director the Centre of Health , Comportamiento and Development the Niño in the Institute of Research Infantil of Seattle , said the Washington Post .
&apos; We found a way of identify children in risk that of another way not would diagnosticados . &apos;
Facebook also is constantly &apos; pinchando &apos; to their own population for obtain data .
The pull of Data the website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship and the Day of St on , the expectation of participation electoral to half the period legislative of 2010 , and a rate of Felicidad National ( mainly they the information to the that . can access - defenders of the freedom digital ago a time that maintain that the website should to to available of other their great amount of data for the research ) .
, however , the users of Facebook know that the website them is looking , them like or not - the sacrificio by power play the Scrabble with a friend to thousands of kilometres of distance is allow that the website mine your information personal .
But ? what is when the users of Facebook spend to be part of a survey that or even know ?
While that the researchers have guidelines well defined on how up their data outside of line , in line is a barra free for all .
&apos; not I that many of the users have considered even in the fact of that a scientists could be examining their profiles &apos; , says outskirts Selwyn , a sociologist the Laboratorio of Conocimiento of London , on a study of 2006 that was to out with the walls public of Facebook of students .
&apos; In what that to them precise , was only between them and their friends . &apos;
Then is the question of the methodology .
Even outside of line , not there guarantee of that a issue of research this being completely honest .
In Facebook , is impossible know that part of the information the profile of a user and of the messages the wall are truth .
&apos; What that dices in Facebook and what that pensioner outside of Facebook are two things completely different &apos; , says Selwyn .
is by that that , to despite of their years as scientists of the technology , Selwyn believes that a sujetapapeles and a bolígrafo are being the best tools of research that nobody can use .
&apos; not there substitute for into in the world real and about with the people real &apos; , says .
&apos; The research social . is that is on what social - and a lot of what social still is outside of line . &apos;
&apos; Frío and inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik ago their first emergence public in the court
Anders Behring Breivik , the man that confesó be the brain of the two attacks that were to 77 people in Norway this summer , . has to to itself same as a combatiente of the &apos; resistance &apos; for their first emergence public in the court of Oslo .
&apos; I a commander military in the movement of resistance Norwegian and in the Gentlemen Templarios of Norway &apos; , said to a room full with 500 people .
&apos; I am the court , already that received the mandate of the organisations that support the ideology the hatred and because supports the multiculturalismo . &apos;
&apos; I the facts but not I declaro guilty . &apos;
The judge Torkjel Nesheim was to Breivik for that monólogo , because &apos; not wanted give to Breivik the opportunity of use this hearing as a platform for that exprese their points of view &apos; .
, the same reason . refused to allow to Breivik , that by a speech writing with Reports , address to the family of their victims the end of the hearing .
Nesheim also thirteen to the police keep to Breivik under custody for 12 weeks more , to faiths the access to the media of communication for four weeks , and said that the authorities should that have a narrower control on all the visits and the correspondencia for eight weeks .
manufacturing of 30 survivors and family of the victims attended to the hearing .
Some as with the hope of look to Breivik to the eyes , other for confirm that . is recluido under key .
all attended with the aim of move towards the conclusion .
&apos; I that seemed cold and inhuman &apos; , said a superviviente of Utoya to the substantive   noruega NRK .
&apos; was oust , but for me was a step forward after of see and hear the suspect . &apos;
Vestido with a suit dark and tie blue , Breivik . remained calmado and professional to what long of the hearing and miró to the journalists and to the survivors to the eyes when it and went the building .
. despite of the strange notion of Breivik of be part of a movement of &apos; resistance &apos; greater , the judge determinó that not is a ill mental , and said that not there evidence of that act with cómplices .
is possible that to some them consuele that the attacks the 22 of July unimaginable be labour of a extremista in place of a group of radical .
But that not suaviza automatically the pain and the confusion that whole a nation still feel .
&apos; I like that prompt a monster , but not what seems &apos; , said a family of a victim .
&apos; would a more easy if what prompt . &apos;
7 Lecciones of the interview delayed of Steve Jobs , . show in a theatre this week
After the death of Steve Jobs , the 5 of October , was some that what compararon with Henry Ford - distinguiendo the out of the technology as the Britain Inventor Moderno .
But what that the fan of Apple could find more intend , in a interview to Jobs recently redescubierta to the that . has desempolvado as embargo of a series of proyecciones special in the over markets this week , is how about this mind creativa about of the processes trade and flows of work of the products .
was without doubt a leather , soñador and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a inflated meticuloso and a yonki of the diagramas of flow - a man that creía that many place sufrían &apos; a disease that is in think that a great idea is the 90 by % the work ... &apos; but &apos; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . &apos;
In 1995 , clocked Cringely was developing the series of television The Triumph of the Nerds ( The triunfo of the idiotas ) on the albores the computer personal , and . sit for more of a time with Jobs for a can and rarely conversation .
In that time had last barely 10 years since that Jobs had been forced to leave of Apple , and already working reality in their new company It NeXT , waiting the adoption popular of Internet .
While that a small part of the interview of Cringely . used in Nerds , said that the original of the interview dissolved for their transport .
was only after of the death of Jobs that . Potočnik a copy full in VHS in the garage the director .
This material of we , slightly reeditado , is the basis of Steve Jobs : The interview delayed , of taxation minutes , that is to the cines Landmark this Wednesday and Thursday .
For someone known by odiar the interviews in depth , Jobs here seems surprisingly prepared to forward their philosophies tecnológicas and strategies trade .
And very pensativo .
In four points different to what long of the interview , there large silencios between the questions and the answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of reflexiones , where Jobs is sopesando clearly their thoughts , for precise .
also there at in the that the perfeccionismo of Jobs its to the surface , where seems impaciente because to the questions of Cringely , empujándole to go more quickly towards the subjects or arguments of greater importance .
Filmado before of the was of Pixar , the iPod or the iPhone , there something extrañamente profético in The interview delayed , when Jobs evalúa what that is that other companies do well and is , and does their own vision the future of the It .
A thing is read assessments póstumas of the career of Jobs , but there something oil and inspirador in the Jobs that see here , the soñador ansioso the on of the greatness .
He has a vision of as can and must be the things .
not a after of explicarlo all with detail here , was and what was .
A quickly short of seven secuencias triumphs of The interview delayed :
On how aprendió to to a business :
&apos; . what long of the years in the business , I always he : &apos; &apos; ? , what pensioner things ? &apos; and the answers that you are of way invariable are : &apos; Oh , that is only the way as . ago &apos; .
Nobody know by what ago what that ago , in the business nobody think in the things very deeply .
That is what that I .
Jobs has the detail their efforts for simplify the accounting of Apple .
Desconcertado by the way in . registraban the costs - to often beginning with a &apos; cost standard &apos; that . was to eye of good cubero , and that then . position with a &apos; one &apos; - developed a plant automatizada that aseguraba that could The the costs trade the detail .
On the joke the Pope :
Jobs narra the &apos; cash Blue &apos; that he same was with Steve Wozniak - a has that did to the people hackear effectively the company telephone and to so-called to long distance free .
It has writing widely about the has , but the euphoria of Jobs here the under the cash Blue as a act of empoderamiento is contagioso .
Describe how he and Wozniak probaron the box by the use of a telephone public , doing a so-called , and then conectándose since a network of AT &amp; T to other , while creaba a bucle with the greater amount of satellite possible .
&apos; right envolviendo the things around the world a average dozen of sometimes and gritabas to through the telephone public and readjust a minute more later the telephone public of the door of the hand &apos; , says Jobs with a risita .
&apos; vintage young and what that aprendimos was that We build something us ourselves that could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . &apos;
We two , not was a , but We build a thing small that could control a thing heralded - was a lesson incredible , and not I that never would been Apple without it .
Jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa that he and Wozniak almost record , llamando the heavenly to through of the cash Blue in half of the night and requesting about with the Pope , while was their better imitation of Henry Kissinger .
. measure that several Member of the hierarchy Catholic were convocados in half of the night for about with the diplomatic US , the two estallaron in carcajadas fair before of that the mismísimo Pope outside reawakened for go to answer the telephone .
On enamorarse of the technology ( and the sale by telephone with garage Hewlett ) :
. the age of 12 years , to the hunting of parts of spare for build a contador of often , suggestion to garage Hewlett in the on telephone and to was a so-called .
Little after of their conversation telephone of 20 minutes , Jobs managed a employment of summer to time - in mid-November .
&apos; That was a remarkable influence on me , was the only company that had seen to that age and formed my vision of what that was a company and what well that trataban to their employees . &apos;
Jobs . became after in one of the employees of HP that travelled the laboratories of research of the company in Palo High , where was &apos; the first computer of table never fact &apos; .
was so large as a sprinkler , had a small screen of tubo catódico , and I enamoré of he .
Conseguiría a journey to HP as cared and perdería the time with that machine and escribiría programmes for it .
On improvisar the innovation :
In several points of the interview , Jobs about about of reinvent new products on the into .
approaching in their career , already that . he to sell a handful of numberplates basis , to asked a client if could they all the team .
Trabajando with only 30 days of credit , had that physically the montaje and the over of the equipment acabados .
than later , while was in Apple , reminds the struggles to the that . &apos; in the development of a ratón of computer :
&apos; I agreement of have arguments dramatic ... I gritaban that . be five years &apos; for create a ratón that costaría 300 dollars &apos; , and I harté and I I outside and I a leather .
Noventa days after , had a ratón that We build by 15 dollars and that was completely reliable .
On the large companies losing force :
Mucho before of that liderara the in of Apple , Jobs proféticamente foresaw the way in that many leaders of the industry tropezarían in their vision , and perderían the control of their share of market .
&apos; privileges that trabajas in IBM or Xerox , by what that pensioner fotocopiadoras and impresoras best , ? and what ? &apos;
You has the monopoly of the share of market , by what that the company not has more success .
The departments of sales and marketing increase the success , by what that are this class of people the that end by to the companies and the people spreading of the products are expulsadas the forum for the decision-making of decisions .
The out of the products that was to that position of monopoly . pudre by fault of people that not have the notion of good products vs one products - the knowledge the profession necessary .
That is what that happened in Xerox ...
Xerox could have adueñado of whole the industry It .
could have been ten sometimes their size , could have been the Microsoft of the years 90 ...
Tomaron the defeat of the victory .
On the innovation as expression artistic :
&apos; There a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product ... to measure that evoluciona the great idea , time and overall . &apos;
It learns a about of the sutilezas of the same .
There incompatible that you that to - some things that not you to that do the electrones , the glass the ago , the robots the do , the factories the do .
she that keep pool things in your brain - these concepts - ajustarlos all to the time ...
At end all . reduces the will - . worsening to try exponerte to what better that a team of human has fact , and then try of which these things to the that your with doing .
artistic said that the good artists copied , the large artists roban .
never we had shame about of steal large ideas .
What that in part was large the Macintosh was that the people that were working in he were musicians , poetas , artists , zoólogos , coexist , that wrong were the best scientists &apos;s the world .
If not outside by the It , could be doing things maravillosas in other camps .
Scalia and Greek cenan with the rival of the law of assistance health while the court on the case
The day that the Court by . met to door closed for at the question politically controversial of if aceptarían the challenge to the law of assistance health the President Obama , two of their officers , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Greek , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada by the signing of lawyers that expondrá the case to the high court .
The occasion was the last Thursday , when the nine judges . met in a hearing preparatory for to which the petitions of review .
One of the cases in question was a demand a by 26 states desafiando the reform total of the assistance health adopted by the Congress the year last , a law that has been a out of war for the activists Conservatives in all the country .
The officers acordaron admit to rubber-stamping the demand and , of fact , . expected a plea historic of 5 hours and average for March , and the result probably enturbiará still more the career presidential of 2012 , that will in full for in the time in that the decision the court . No .
The lawyer that comparecerá to the court and alegará that the law must be desechada will probably Paul Clement , who was as tax general of US for the government of Orwell W. Bush .
The signing of lawyers of Clement , Bancroft PLLC , was a of the almost two dozens of companies that ayudaron to patrocinar the dinner annual of the society Federalista , a group that has many years into to the defence of the principles legal Conservatives .
is signing that patrocinó the dinner , Jones Day , represents to a of the associations trade that desafió the law , the Federation National of Negocios Experts .
Another patrocinador was the heralded farmacéutico Pfizer Inc . , that has a huge interest financial in the result the dispute .
The dinner . took in a hotel of Washington , hours after of the hearing preparatory the court on the case .
Among the assistants was , between other , Mitch McConnell , the republicano more important in the Senate and a opponent declared of the law of assistance health .
? The invited special in the dinner ? Scalia and Greek .
not is nothing new : The two judges have state factual to events of the society Federalista for years .
And not is something that between in conflict with the rules ethical .
In fact , the judges are exentos the Licence of Conducta that applied the actions of the officers federal lower .
If not what They , could said that caerían under the Licence Canon 4C , that says : &apos; A judge can attend to events for tax-raising funds of organisations relating with the law and other , but the judge not can be a speaker , a invited of honour , or it in the programme of such event . &apos;
, however , the proximidad absolute of Scalia and Greek to two of the bufetes of lawyers in the case , so as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough for alarmar to the activists of ethical in the government .
&apos; This impressive gap of the ethical and fighters towards the code is in against of the demands of several officers that everyone the court by the same rules that . apply to all the judges federal &apos; , said clocked fugitive , the President of Common Cause ( Causa common ) .
&apos; The judges were agasajados in a - of funds of by with lawyers that have cases outstanding to the court . &apos;
Their emergence and assistance in the - of funds for this event undermines any demand of sucrose , and is unacceptable .
Scalia and Greek have shown little interest by the criticisms that say that mezclan too easily the activity the court with the agenda impulsada by groups as the society Federalista .
And the wife of Greek , Ginni , is a researcher encountered 1905 .
, other part , the Conservatives argue that is the magistrada widow Kagan , the that has a problem sexually-transmitted , not Scalia and Greek .
Kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration Obama when . tabled the first challenges legal to the law in the court of first to .
Their critical have preferred for that Kagan . renewing of see the case , saying that was too involucrada in defend the law as for now be impartial .
Kagan not has given no indication of that what will to to .
loser In a asked record of 18 billion million of dollars
The aerolínea Emirates calls 50 planes of double sunlight loser 777 , with option to 20 more .
loser also sold six planes loser Dreamliner to Oman Air , a operation valued in more of billion million of dollars .
members time is news when a company this a asked of 50 units of their product .
But is a great compromise when the company is the manufacturer of planes loser Co. and the price of sale for the 50 planes out to a record of 18 billion million of dollars .
is so large as the place of where loser received the order : East Middle , a mine of gold in growth of will orders of planes .
In a study given to know the Monday , the company of Chicago estimated that for the next 20 years the audited in East Middle will 2.520 planes by value 450 billion million of dollars .
loser announced for the end of week their asked more large of the history for planes trade by their value in dollars - 50 jets Boing 777 of double sunlight .
The exitoso asked wine of the aerolínea Emirates in Dubái .
The aerolínea also has a option for buy 20 planes more , what that 2.7 the price of sale total to 26 billion million of dollars , announced loser in the scrum Aeronáutico of Dubái 2011 .
Then , the Monday , loser said that Oman Air had asked six loser 787-8s , the called Dreamliner , that defeating of a savings of fuel and a services for passengers spectacular .
The price of sale for six of them is more of billion million of dollars .
&apos; This has clearly a huge effect positive for loser &apos; , said the toxic of Morningstar Neal Dihora .
&apos; The quality of these customers in particular is very strong . &apos;
Many audited of East Middle are property of their nations productoras of oil .
, what therefore , not only have the money for pay the planes , but that a increase in the prices the fuel - by what general harmful for the lines airlines , because is one of the over costs - not is so harmful , because the country is gaining money with the increase the price the oil .
That is important because have least back that other audited of cancel or delay the orders of flight when the prices the fuel increase , said Dihora .
&apos; They a protection natural &apos; , said .
The asked of the Emiratos solidifica the leadership of loser in the market of planes of fuselaje wide and aid to keep to raya the attempt of their competitor Airbus SAS of invade their dominance with the on of passengers A350 .
The victory of loser in the feria the air . is four months after of that Airbus I that was to delay the debut the more large A350 , that disappear directly with the 777-300ER .
Retrasó the debut for add more momentum after of that the customers exigieran a increase of the burden useful and the senior .
The actions of loser Ltd subieron a 1.5 % to 67,94 dollars .
The sister the President of Mexico , the appear derrotada in the vote of Michoacán
Luisa María Calderón says that the unseen ayudaron to their oponente the PRI , Fausto Vallejo , in the contienda for governor .
The sister the President Felipe Calderón seems have lost their candidacy to gobernadora of Michoacán for the elections the turn state , and it said the Monday that the unseen ayudaron to take the career in favour of one of their opponents .
The results preliminary &quot; the delantera in the career for governor the state Western to Fausto Vallejo , the Party Revolucionario Institucional , or PRI .
&apos; The intervention the crime organised for all the process electoral and , on all yesterday , is alarming , not only for Michoacán , but for all the country &apos; , said Luisa María Calderón in a interview of radio a day after of the vote the Sunday .
&apos; Amenazaron to our candidates , to our workers election ... It apoderaron of the ballot , instalaron barricadas ... and vigil to the people that votara &apos; to favour the PRI .
The PRI period Mexico for seven decades to that lost the presidency in 2000 .
, however , is the that in scene of a return , and the victory in Michoacán is a step important in that effort .
The PRI has the hope of win the elections presidential in July .
Vallejo seems have have by little for to Calderón , who had led the out before of the elections .
Calderón , a candidate the Conservative Party of Action National of their brother , or PAN , . refused to recognise to Vallejo as the winner .
Silvano Aureoles , the candidate of left by the Party Revolution Democratic , or PRD , that currently as the office of governor , became in third place , a great defeat for the left class-divided and desafortunada before of the elections presidential of 2012 .
Aureoles also . refused to recognise the results preliminary .
Vallejo , exalcalde of the capital the state of Morelia , refused links with the wishes and resume to the others candidates to accept the results .
Michoacán has been for a time dominated by which of the drugs After in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas .
is the state home the President Calderón , and he made Michoacán for launch a for military intended against the traffickers in December of 2006 .
, however the violence has persistido .
A Mayor the PAN was murdered a week before of the elections while was campaign by Luisa María Calderón , and many candidates abandoned the candidaturas local by fear .
Although for the PRI , by unpleasant that unimaginable the elections of Michoacán , a victory will to promote the party .
The man that . is inauguration the PRI in the elections presidential , youngest Peña Nieto , about since Washington , felicitó to Vallejo and said : &apos; I that this victory should be very alentadora , of face the next year &apos; .
The BAsD encouraged to Asia to help to rescue to the eurozona
The Bank Asia of Development ( BAsD ) has fact a call to India and to China for that . preparen for help to rescue to the eurozona of their crisis of debt sovereign for avoid a recession to long term that rushing the growth of the economies asiáticas .
Rajat Nag , director general the Bank Asia of Development with based in Manila , said that the two large economies of growth more quickly the world they that &apos; to all what possible &apos; for speed the recovery the bloc economic already outside to through the Fund Monetary International or directly to through of agreements bilateral .
Advirtió against the BRIC &apos; Brazil , Russia , India , China &apos; countries that there the difficulties of Europe of a way &apos; impartial &apos; and said that the assistance financial of Asia with with the leadership and resources European ayudarían to avoid a crisis to long term in the economy global .
&apos; We all together in this . &apos;
&apos; So that who that can help to Europe to out of the crisis is useful &apos; , said the Financial Times in a interview in the framework the have Economic World in Bombay .
&apos; Asia can be protegida in certain measure , but not can be immune . &apos;
&apos; So that if China and India can help , that be by all the media . &apos;
The union monetary European . has seen been … by a crisis of debt sovereign in the last months .
In the last days , the costs of Already of Italy . have ring peligrosamente and the first ministers of Italy and Greece have dimitido .
The current crisis of the debt sovereign in Europe has increased the fears of that could lose to the economy world to the recession and has led so-called for that the main economies emerging . join for help to the eurozona to find a solution .
The Mr Nag uncommonly that any support of Asia . canalizaría to through the IMF , but said that the assistance bilateral - as the buying of the bonds the fund of rescue of the EU , the Fund European of stability financial - themselves a greater power of negotiating for the partners Asian of Europe .
Anand Sharma , minister Indian of Trade , said that &apos; the India is to to all what possible &apos; for help to the eurozona already that their own economy now was suffering the fall of the exports and the advent of the tickets of capital abroad .
&apos; Nobody to that the eurozona We being inestable and turbulenta &apos; , said .
&apos; We challenges monumentales and we that keep a high level of growth . &apos;
&apos; not is a option , is a imperativo , because ? where are employment for tens of million of our young men and women . &apos;
Other argue that the economies in development as India not have responsibility in help to the European rich when . face to their own and profound problems economic .
Ashutosh Varshney , a of the University of Exchequer in the US , said that would politically very difficult sell the aid to Europe for the billion million doscientas billion people of the India , of the which to 800 million live with close of 2 dollars the day or least .
&apos; In some time . ending account of that the Greeks . jubilan to the age of 50 years and . will of holiday to the beaches and that not caerá well &apos; , said .
&quot; Howell , director workforce the have Economic World , also . asked by what the reserves of the India . be use for keep to the many and well populated workers the sector public Greek , in jobs of work of companies is administradas , and generadoras of losses as the railways .
The Mr Nag said that the crisis of the eurozona threat with &apos; important effects in chain &apos; by whole Asia .
The prognosis the Bank Asia of Development the 7,5 by % of growth economic in Asia for 2011 / 12 . faces now to the &apos; risks to the low &apos; because to the threat of Europe .
said that the vulnerable markets emerging abolished to &apos; plans of contingencia &apos; for itself of a crisis and meaningful check-out of capital of their economies .
Serios avisos the Pentagon about of the possible cuts in defence
The secretary of Defence , de Panetta , calentó the Congress the Monday , advirtiendo that the cuts dispensers of budget that . avecinan could be the security national and to a reaction financial in chain since the corridors the Pentagon , to the camps of battle of Afghanistan , to the chains of montaje civilians .
The Pentagon already is digiriendo the 450 billion million of dollars of tries to what long of the next the , but now afraid a reduction additional of 600 billion million or more in cuts that can be spelling if the Congress not manages to to a agreement on the expenditure .
&apos; The impact of these cuts would devastating for the department &apos; , said Panetta in a letter to the senadores John McCain , republicano by coldest , and Lindsey Graham , republicano by Carolina the South .
said that the failure the Congress for to to a agreement on the budget and their result , the called &apos; hostages &apos; , Fico place to a 23 by % of tries global and a high to many projects new .
&apos; A cut so large , applied of this way indiscriminada , would that the greater part of our projects sonars and of construction not . they &apos;s - not . can buy three cuartas parties of a ship or a building - and damage seriously other efforts of modernisation &apos; , wrote Panetta to the senadores .
&apos; also us veríamos forced to apartar to many of our officials civilians of way involuntaria and , because to that the reduction . impondría with so quickly , is almost sure that we that licenciar civilians with the end of to the aim . &apos;
&apos; These changes romperían the faith with those that have our army and dañarían seriously the good available . &apos;
The cuts with the time alcanzarían to the troops of combat , said Panetta .
&apos; If well the funding for times of war in the accounts of Operaciones of contingencia in overseas not . is directly affected by the hostages , the efforts of the war . would affected adversely by the serious be in the budgets of basis &apos; , warned Panetta .
&apos; The procurement of personal . reduciría , what that would to delays in the contracts and the supervision the contract that supports the war . &apos;
&apos; The personal in nómina . reduciría , giving place to delays in the payments to the suppliers in time of war , and the support legal and political would interrupted . &apos;
The two senadores had writing to Panetta ago 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of the cuts dispensers in the Department of Defence .
&apos; The result of a hostages in the Department of Defence would a quickly decline of the States United as main power military the world . &apos;
&apos; We strongly in against of this action draconiana &apos; , said the senadores in a release whole the later the Monday when publicaron the letter of Panetta .
&apos; This not is a result with the that . can live , and certainly not is one that we Agenda to us ourselves . &apos;
&apos; The hostages is a threat for the interests of the security national of the States United , and not . must allow that happen . &apos;
If the letter of Panetta and the recent warnings of the senadores will the pressure for a compromise budgetary or scrupulously the so-called for eximir the Pentagon of the cuts is by see .
Panetta has been each time more very on the possible cuts , to despite of that came to a work in the top the Pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the Congress and the House White and sabiendo that . enfrentaba to decisions difficult .
In a conference of press the week last , the secretary of Defence pintó a picture sombre of what that could be by front - a army with a concha , but not a pounds .
&apos; is a ship without sailors . &apos;
&apos; is a Colchester-based without balas . &apos;
&apos; is a went airline without enough anonymity trained . &apos;
&apos; is a tiger of role , a army of cuarteles , buildings and bombs without enough soldiers image for to the mission &apos; , said Panetta in their words of opening in the Pentagon .
&apos; is a force that suffering the low moral , the preparation performance and not is capable of be the day with the potential adversaries . &apos;
&apos; In effect , taught to the aggression ... &apos;
In a apéndice to their letters to McCain and Graham , Panetta enuncia new details of how the tries &apos; generate important risks operational : too in the time of answer to the crisis , conflicts and disasters ; limited severamente our capacity of be you and committed a in all the world ; and is a risk unacceptable in future operations of combat . &apos;
And Panetta said that some of the over projects of defence could with the hacha , including those that already . are probando and some only in the first stages of the planning .
This list includes the on of combat F35 Joint Strike Fighter , a new bombardero to , the submarino balístico of new generation , the new ship of combat shallow and the new their of combat in land that the army and the Marina need replace , the humvee .
prevailing the development and the evidence additional the F35 could generate a 80 billion million of dollars in obscure to what long of 10 years , but their supporters say that is the next step vital for improve and with the threats potential of China and other rival .
As detect a lie
A issue to the headlines more recent us points virtuous serious and curse are the deception and the lie in the life daily .
The candidate presidential republicano Herman Cain is occupied intercambiando accusations of harassment sexual with several women ; each part accused of lying to the other .
The administrators of the University State of Pennsylvania have been accused of perjurio by supposed conceal reports that were that a you of football withdrawn was agrediendo sexually to children .
The week last , the President French , taxpayers Sarkozy , was &apos; pillado &apos; with a microphone open saying the President of US , Barack Obama , that the first minister Israeli Benjamin Netanyahu is a do .
Mentir has destroyed to and convulsionado countries .
The congresista by New York and exhibicionista in Internet , Anthony Weiner , was the ourselves with their desmentidos quickly rebatidos by the test irrefutable .
The former candidate presidential John Edwards has been accused of breaches in the funding of the campaign relating with the encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial .
And , of new , nobody that what viviera olvidará never the circus mediático up by the President garage Clinton the lying for their Secondly mandate about of their relationship sexual with Mónica Lewinsky .
are very extendidas the myths on the traps in the examinations of the school and the university .
It have given cases in the that the teachers have given the answers of the examinations to the students with the end of be better seen in their assessments of performance .
Mentores that should be enseñando what contrary are sending the message of that lying and is are volumes .
? How deception us are ?
In a day who , the studies show that you can lying in any place of 10 to 200 sometimes .
That sure , many of these lies are lies piadosas .
Another study was that the issue mentían three sometimes in the first 10 minutes of conocerse .
Detectar lies , or &apos; the which of lies &apos; , is a as essential that we acquire all , by reasons therefore personal as professionals .
consideration of be a at of table similar to , by example , Charada , where the aim is exclamar : &apos; beat I &apos; , the detection the deception is a an the knowledge serious based in data scientists gulf for the last six decades in prestigiosas universities that post-election projects of research in depth , especially in psicología and fisiología .
One of the results of the research is that the old mitos about of the lie have been rebatidos .
The mentirosos itself who to the eyes .
not always tartamudean , balbucean , . ruborizan or inquietan .
not . can conclude not that the mentirosos are difficult of detect or unmasked .
A detector of lies trained can to to the truth to about of the structure of the statement , the expresiones microfaciales , the training of questions and the times .
had several years sondeando the descubrimientos scientists on the deception in the spectre and always shining body the knowledge , and was clear that the detection the deception is a technical modern that is easy of learn and aid to friend by our complex world - especially if their responsibilities professionals include the procurement , interviews , or the management of negotiations .
The good mentirosos have the as of read well to the others , precise feel to will , manejando their own emotion and sintiendo of way intuitiva how the paid the others .
We by the investigations that the extrovertidos mienten more that the introvertidos , that the men say more &apos; lies win towards itself ourselves &apos; , while that the women say more lies &apos; win towards the others &apos; -- normally for protect the feelings of someone -- that the people married mienten least frecuentemente to their partners that the people that not are married ( but the lies that usually say tend to be &apos; enormous &apos; ) .
also know that if you is insightful as a malhechor , the others . sentirán least guilty the mentirle .
? How know if someone is mintiendo ?
First , variation the for her the taxed .
This . is &apos; create a line of basis &apos; .
Aid to provide points of reference for measure after the changes .
Observe the position the taxed , risa and feature blues .
is better that will if someone normally golpetea with the ordinary all the time for not to accusations as when to see the feet golpeteando in half of the meeting .
. continuation , busque groups of behaviour dull , verbales and not verbales .
Considere to these groups of behaviour as signals of alarm , not as test of deception .
The people that mislead can freeze the part higher the body the try of remember their history , can emphasized their feet towards the door , inclinarse towards a an , change their position of way significantly or exhibir a &apos; desahogo postentrevista &apos; -- that root suspiro of alivio and change of position a time that all the questions difficult have over .
. often the interrogadores do see falsamente that the interview has over only for to that alivio postentrevista .
also happening attention the vocabulary the taxed .
humiliated Peterson metió the pata to the fund and usó the time last while tenders that their wife murdered was viva , lanzando a search of it to level national .
The people that mislead also can use a language distanciador : &apos; not I relations sexual with that woman ... the señorita Lewinsky &apos; or repeat a question difficult accomplished .
The indicators verbales more common are sutiles .
&apos;So can use a lot of &apos; language been &apos; when says to a question difficult : &apos; Well ... to say truth ... to what that I . ... to my understand . &apos;
This ago that the answer be a percepción in place of a fact and is to often a signal of vigilant .
not there no formula mágica for detect lies , but develop skills for be the deception is possible .
These skills will the for of who for avoid be victimizados by the artists of the mischief in their lives professionals and personal .
The controversial plan the oleoducto route after the threat the delay of US in their adoption
Días after of that the administration of Obama amenazara with delay the adoption of a oleoducto planned since Canada to the Gulf of Mexico -- enfureciendo to the unions , while apaciguaba to the forgers -- the company that search build the oleoducto says that is ready to redirigir the project for again to encaminarlo .
TransCanada said the Monday by the night that moverá the oleoducto planned outside the area environmentally sensitive of Sandhills in Nebraska , and entrusts in that the project going the adoption .
The company announced the decision in the conference of press in the Capitolio of Nebraska .
The directivo of TransCanada , Alex Pourbax , says that the company in their confidence in that with the time the oleoducto be approved , if well is true that with a route different .
This next after the announcement the week last by part the Department of State of that retrasarían the decision by a permit federal for the project to that . estudien new routes potential that eviten the areas of Sandhills of Nebraska and the acuífero Ogallala , a spectre supply of water unofficial .
&apos; This is a real to of progress &apos; , said the representative &quot; Terry , republicano of Nebraska , to Fox News .
The new review environmental ordenada by the Department of State is possible that from any decision to 2013 , after of the elections the next year , but the officials refused that the policy as envuelta in the decision .
Obama , in a statement written the week last , described the decision as the request the Department of State , and them expressed all their support .
The oleoducto , of restock kilometres . extendería since Canada to the Gulf of Mexico .
Llevaría 700.000 pour by day of the province of Alberta to the refineries in Texas .
For this , would necessary that cruzara six states .
is odiado by the forgers , but amado by the groups of work , that have apostado by the estimate of 20 jobs of work with the oleoducto .
But the legislators of Nebraska opuestos the plan are sopesando the legislation for force a alejamiento of the region of Sandhills and the acuífero Ogallala , the greater source of water drinking and of Irrigation .
The study of impact environmental current the Department of State found that the project only give impactos environmental adversos quasi-monopoly , but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general the department has in a test independent the process of review , on in two issues .
A is if the Member the lobby given by TransCanada , Paul Elliot , that was an of campaign of Hillary Clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interests for the programme .
The other is if a signing that was contratada for to the study original was a election sexual because was on to TransCanada .
Patti LaBelle demandada by supposed to that a child vomitara of fear
A family of New York says that the diva of the music disco , Patti LaBelle , . comportó as a loca in the reel of their building of Manhattan , aterrando to their daughter small to the point of that vomitó of fear .
The tirade of the as of &apos; Lady Marmalade &apos; asustó to Genevieve Monk , of 18 months of age , therefore that suffered &apos; changes of status , be the dream &apos; and &apos; increased their fear to the strangers &apos; , says their family in the Court by of Manhattan .
was the 10 of November the year last when the tramoyista Kevin Monk , their wife , Roseanna , teacher of garden of childhood , and Genevieve . were for for go to a journey family .
While Kevin Monk cogía the car , Roseanna Monk bowed the reel the building the Riverside Boulevard , with their luggage , As to Genevieve .
Roseanna Monk said that . stopped close of the door and it to their daughter in the soil by a time .
&apos; &apos;So . acercó by behind and I said , &apos; ? know what that is doing your daughter ? &apos; I I &apos; itself &apos; and I to cogerla &apos; , said .
LaBelle amonestó enfadada to the woman unmarried .
&apos; said in a tone persists , &apos; not should have longer to their daughter close of the door &apos; , said Roseanna Monk .
&apos; I I , &apos; not I no interest in what that you telling or time &apos; .
It infuriated and started to use poor words - the word C and the word J in voice high ...
He a bottleneck of water and began to throwing the water of the bottleneck on me . &apos;
said that Genevieve . it histérica .
&apos; I I to this woman , &apos; state-practised what that to Olivier fact to my daughter &apos; , said the mother of the girl .
LaBelle . abalanzó on the mother -- that still sujetaba to Genevieve -- and had that be contained by their environment and withdrawal to a car that the than , said Roseanna Monk .
The small was who so strong that vomitó , Yes .
than later , the family sent a note asking a tardiness.&apos; of LaBelle , but not successful answer .
The lawyer and the representatives of LaBelle not devolvieron the so-called for comment what happened .
The demand search damage not especificados , but the lawyer of the family , Sam peace.&apos; , said that by the case of way free and that the family planea donate all the money that Co-operation to a partnership of support to the children with cancer .
&apos; The purpose is to to Patti LaBelle responsible of their for &apos; , said peace.&apos; .
&apos; That kind of for is completely unacceptable , especially when . at to a masterpiece of garden of childhood that has in sit to a child of 18 months of age . &apos;
Adversidad climate frenó the economy
During the first year of management of Mauro oxide Valdez , in Sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informalidad , bowed the investment foreign and . relies the economy
The 2011 is a year that will important in the history economic of Sinaloa , . is the first year of Government of Mauro oxide Valdez , autodenominado the change , that resounding large expectations regard to the progress in the economy , but upsurge the adversidad climate of beginning of year , not . noticeable growth , in change itself . with a deterioration in the main indicators of development economic .
The in temperatures of February , also of published millonarias losses for the sector agricultural , constrained the for of the economy state for grow , causaron a contracción of the activity economic in general of 3.6 by % in the first six the year , justified mainly by the historic fall of 31.16 by % in the agriculture , that back the renewed of the other sectors economic .
In agreement the reporte of afectaciones by the frost , We by the Council Mexican for the Development Rural Sustentable , . had damage in 582 billion 835 hectares cultivadas , of the which the 78.03 by % experienced damage total and the other 21.07 by % had damage - , the main crops siniestrados were the of vegetables , maize and garbanzo .
The fall in the activity economic has led , to November , a increase constant the unemployment in the state , according the Institute National of Estadística and Geografía the rate of desocupación state for the three first quarters the year . observed a growth begun , already that while of January to March 55 billion 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 by % of the Population Económicamente Survey , for the Secondly quarter the rate happened to be 5.28 by % , and between July and September the average she leads to 6.19 by % , a rate that in number of people arroja to more of those billion sinaloenses unemployed , a increase regard the first six of 18 billion 969 individuals .
Menor liquidity
The unemployment in Sinaloa for the year is multifactorial , for the , Gerardo oxide novel , director of the struck of Sciences Económicas and busy of the UAS , the growth of the desocupación can explain indirectly , in role of the actions that since the policy public . have done .
&apos; What that . is watching is a growth the unemployment that has that see with several factors , between them the loss of liquidity in the market by effects of a be of resources by the legislation that . adopted in the conference for combat the laundering of money , already for the people that agarra dollars of way polluting not to is easy that the work , the for and the now in something &apos; , expressed .
Migración arrested
oxide novel pointed that in the increase in the unemployment there also a factor demographic .
&apos; The number of people that . is the state in search of work in the abroad , in States United . has restricted , first by the difficulties for into , and Secondly because their already have also many difficulties for find work , that people . is being and is demandando sources of work here in the state , what that ago that the unemployment . rises &apos; , manifested .
Informalidad
The analysis the market labour sinaloense . agrava the be the high level of informalidad that satisfy between the conditions of work , according the INEGI , 60.38 by % of the population occupied in the state working without be cotizando as worker to no institution of security social .
Aunado the unemployment and informalidad , another of the rezagos labour the state are the wages low , the entity has the remuneraciones more in the Basque , of agreement to the records the Institute Mexican the certain security and the Secretaría the Labour and Previsión security .
The membership monthly average of the workers sinaloenses was , to September , 5 billion 352 lightweights , very by below the average national , as in 7 billion 375 lightweights .
Contracción of IED
Aunado to the fall of the activity economic and the increase in the unemployment , for 2011 . with the greater in of the Inversión Extranjera Directa of the last 10 years , according the Secretaría of economy of January to June of the IED state sumó 630 billion 697 dollars , what that represents a fall of 87.74 by % regard to the 5 million 143 billion 312 dollars registered for the same period the year previous .
, their part , the Secretaría of Development Economic the Government state contabiliza a investment total of 17 billion 280 million of lightweights in the year , swordfish mainly of companies the sector terciario .
The debt
with the stage of contracción economic , the Government the state which in July the conference state the adoption of a credit by 3 billion million of lightweights , ourselves that would for the investment in projects of infrastructure in the 18 municipalities , with the to of reactivar the economy , the adoption the conference local was by a monto of 2 billion 600 million of lightweights , and to November not have seen the profits the Already in no sector of the economy state .
Reacciones
For representatives the sector business , the first year of Government of Mauro oxide of . shows of a lack of capacity of management the Government .
Miguel Loredo oxide , President of the House National of the industry of the Transformación , expressed that for 2011 . command of the harmonisation of voluntades of the different sectors , including the own Government the state .
&apos; The every of the economy in Sinaloa for this year has been really very poor , there that work reality for to the ground that miscarriages in this year , in the 2012 we that redoblar efforts , wilfully alinear the effort of all and on all the good into already sincronizada of this new team of Government , we that the next year be a better &apos; , expressed .
Lentitud economic
Loredo oxide manifested that events as the frost of principles of year her the economy state and restringieron their every and growth .
&apos; The under flow economic is product of several events , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been a tends economy that not . back what enough quickly for generate a renewed economic that enable have a level acceptable of flow in the processes , products and services and by what therefore , the end the year are closing very by below of the expectations that had &apos; , mentioned .
Redefinir vocación
For Teodoro tobacco-production Uriarte , President of the Confederation Patronal of the Republic Mexicana in Sinaloa , manifested that . required encausar the state towards activities productive of greater renewed .
&apos; In terms general we seen that . has state working , us we that is necessary develop a programme of long term in the that . redefina the vocación and the one economic the state , because is important that . detone all the potential the appeal material and human that has Sinaloa &apos; , said .
Labour by to
The President of the Coparmex skills the importance of establish a vision of future that encauce better the efforts the Government .
&apos; In terms general I would that the Government has state practice by give good results in various raw , in on of development economic there some progress but is important that . will a programme to long term &apos; , manifested .
Señaló that the administration current has shown progress in their way of drive the policy public .
&apos; There elements that it say that the Government is being more incluyente , I what that I say is that there work fact and I that the Government is aware of that there work by to &apos; , expressed .
What disparities by 8 kgs of mariguana
. five years of prison and 100 days of fined was mid-September a neighbour of Navolato by the possession of eight 75-kilo of mariguana .
The Procuraduría General of the Republic reported that the narcomenudista mid-September is Omar Alexis Valenzuela Sandoval , by the crime of against the health , in their there of possession of mariguana with purposes of trade .
In agreement with the dossier AP / SIN / CLN / 687 / 2010 / M-I , Valenzuela Sandoval was arrested by elements the army Mexican , the day 7 of of June of 2010 , in a operational of surveillance on the street Cipriano Valdez , with the poste 80 , in the populated The evening , Navolato .
The narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta kind pick up , colour white , where was a stock colour black in the box the their and in the asiento the copiloto a small bag , where the military found eight plutonium 23 The of marijuana .
, such reasons , what asegurado became to available the Juez second of showed and the mid-September continues internal in the Centre of maximise of the Consequences Jurídicas the Delito .
must contributions for works
The works of nature social pursuant in programmes as Hábitat , Rescate of Espacios Públicos and 3x1 for who . are in risk of not be concluidos or of have serious delays because to the lack of resources economic , pointed Miguel of oxide Miranda .
The director of Development security municipal pressed that if well to now the programmes of labour have progress , itself . are in risk the not have with the Government the State with the contributions that to for the which are a appeal higher to the 11 million of lightweights in the three programmes .
Señaló that in total the investment in these three programmes is of almost 50 million of lightweights , of the which the State is the 25 by % and that to now only the Federation and the Municipio have has resources for the works , by what that the possible delay in the conclusion of these . ago existing .
&apos; are almost 12 million what that them is they and to despite of that the year is by I not us have given or a fifth , when since July debieron give a part &apos; , expressed , &apos; us for not retrasarnos we on the works and will very advanced , but us ago lack the money &apos; .
Mencionó that the year last , in the administration of Jesus Aguilar Padilla , the State not perform with the contributions that them correspondían , by what that the beginning of the administration the Municipio had that for a credit for cover the region of 7 million that not aportó in that occasion the administration state .
&apos; already us happened in the sexenio previous because the State not had the capacity economic for participate and the programmes trialogues made , and this year us for power access to these programmes had that to the resources for cover what that with outstanding the State &apos; , detalló .
Despite to that there the compromise of the authorities state for to with the over of these resources , a that . has fact the request the Secretary-General of Administration and mint , Armando Villarreal , of apresurar the it for that the rates that them for shall what before possible .
&apos; are almost 12 million what that them is they and to despite of that the year is by I not us have given or a fifth &apos; .
Court valida &apos; back-up analógico &apos; in Mexico in the 2015
The replace of signals analógicas by digital is one of the changes more important that has suffered the world in the last years
The by Court of Justice of the Nación ( SCJN ) rejected the controversy constitutional that interpusieron the Senate and the House of Chamber in against the decreto presidential that adelanta the called &apos; back-up analógico &apos; of 2021 to 2015 , the not meet the eight votes necessary for invalidarlo .
A minority of four ministers , including the President of the Court , John da Meza , was that the President Felipe Calderón not . excedió in their atribuciones the such the decreto that annex the actions to to for into the transition to the television digital earth .
With that result , the controversy constitutional promovida by the Senate of the Republic , was desestimada by not achieve the majority &quot; of eight votes for that the Court . pronunciara on the being or inconstitucionalidad the decreto , and this is existing .
The project of ruling , produced by the Minister Olga Sánchez Cordero , proposed on inconstitucional the decreto , because to that the regulation of the raw of radio and television is a decaBDEs circumspect by law to the Commission Federal of Telecomunicaciones ( Cofetel ) , in contravención of the principles of subordinación jerárquica and of reserve of law .
. favour the project voted only Zaldívar , George Mauro Pardo , Margarita Moon and the own Sánchez Cordero .
With this argument , therefore the Senate as the House of Chamber promovieron two controversy constitutional for impugnar the decreto , and the admit the demands , the Minister Sánchez Cordero suspended the implementation the decreto and of all the actions in he willing for the transition digital .
The full of ministers Vihear underestimating also the demand interpuesta by the House of Chamber , without into to the discussion the project , also to office of the Minister Sánchez Cordero .
In their intervention , the minister President said not rendered with the arguments the project , in the sense of that the Executive federal not can estructurar to through of rules general the measures for that the administration public . prepare .
&apos; Nor I that if what done . afectaría the autonomy the body regulator &apos; , and reminded that the planeación of policies public in areas strategic as the sector of telecommunications for the Executive federal , who has by mandate constitutional , the rectoría the State .
The replace of signals analógicas by digital is one of the changes more important that has suffered the world in the last years , and . translates in a better aprovechamiento the spectrum make , a better quality of the signal and more channels .
Aplazar the change , affirmed , would postergar the profits of the &apos;s , that means a decision of interest public , that not has only a dimension technical , &apos; therefore encompasses issues economic , social , policies and of security national &apos; .
These issues , skills , &apos; demand the operation of all the system established , with the principle of rectoría economic the State , engloba a group of atribuciones that the Constitution leads to the decaBDEs the Executive state &apos; .
Recordó that a great number of countries in all the world has completed already the transition digital , and what has fact to through the Executive , despite to have with bodies technical highly After .
not . can conclude that the Executive , the such the decreto stature , that invada in any way the sphere of powers the Congress , therefore . is one-year in the sphere administrative the jeopardise of the laws emitidas by the Legislative , was .
Analizan possibility of a conteo &apos; vote by vote &apos; in Michoacán
In agreement with the data thrown by the PREP the difference between first and Secondly place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 by % , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 billion those agendas total .
The possibility the conteo &apos; vote by vote &apos; is a reality in what that . concerns the process electoral of this year in Michoacán , where of agreement with the data thrown by the Programme of Outcome Electorales Preliminares ( PREP ) the difference between first and Secondly place of the election of governor is of hardly 27 by % , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of the 6 billion those agendas total .
At regard , the the the Council General the Institute Electoral of Michoacán ( IEM ) , María of the neoplasia Llanderal Zaragoza , reminded that ago a days , hardly the last 9 of November , the body electoral adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of harmonisation the rules local with the reform federal in on electoral .
As . recordará , Michoacán not homologó their Constitution Policy or their Licence Electoral the State or their Act of Justice Electoral , whole time that the Congress the State adopted the reforms little before of conclude the term legal for that so into in force in the present process electoral and the governor Leonel Godoy Speaker omitió their publication in the deadlines billion in the Act the Periódico Journal the State , with the argument of that had some concerns .
The same 9 of November , the by Court of Justice of the Nación ( SCJN ) Vihear the controversy constitutional promovida by the Poder Legislative local and as as &apos; inválido and illegal &apos; the vote the event state to the reforms constitutional , whole time that not has right of &apos; sancionarlas or vetarlas &apos; .
Entrevistada in about to the possibility the &apos; vote by vote &apos; , María of the neoplasia Llanderal an that thanks to the adoption of the lineamientos appropriate by part the Council General the IEM will possible the realisation of recuentos scrappy and total of the vote by part the body electoral local .
In that way , the were - of votes , of one or more packages election , will be in the supposed of that : the results of the agendas not coincidan ; not there the record of polling and cómputo in the dossier of the casilla or not obre in power the President of the same ; or , when there errors or alteraciones obvious of the agendas .
In , the were total of the vote by in all the skilled of the election will take when there sign of that the difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that . involved and the that has successful the Secondly place in the vote , is as or will to a point closed ; always and when the beginning of the session there the request This the representative the party and / or coalition that postuló the Secondly of the candidates señalados .
The were total of the vote also will take if the I the cómputo ordinario . for that the difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the as in Secondly place is as or will to a point closed , always and when there the request This the representative the party political whose candidate became in Secondly place , case in the which . excluirán the packages election that have been subject of were - .
One mention that in this situation . is the election of Morelia , where of agreement with the PREP the difference between the first and the Secondly place is of hardly the 0.16 by % , but without reconstructing the votes of 129 of the 923 agendas total .
Their last will
Their cenizas will esparcidas in the sierra of Zapalinamé , confirms the family .
The remains the pilot Felipe Bacio Cortés arribaron to Saltillo , their city home , this Sunday by the night , for the Monday . were to out reconocimientos and a I of réquiem .
According their family the last will the messages Colonel was that their cenizas like esparcidas in the sierra of Zapalinamé .
After of receive a tribute the hand of the other people fallecidas in the accident , the family of Bacio Cortés Chamberlain to the capital of Coahuila to board of a aeronave of the be Air Mexicana , the people more allegadas attended to the ceremony in the Campo Mars .
. the twelve the at the cenizas the messages Colonel arribaron the capilla of velación wish on the bulevar Nazario Ortiz Garza , to where were down family and friends .
. the 5 : 30 of the later . to brindó a recognition in the Institute Tecnológico of Saltillo organised by their former colleagues the bachillerato technological and the team of football American , the which formed part Felipe Bacio for their preparation of bachillerato .
&apos; Their will was that return to Saltillo and that their cenizas like esparcidas in the sierra of Zapalinamé , always what manifested so to their family and to their friends &apos; , this what was to know Sandra Bacio Cortés sister the pilot .
For it , the messages Colonel had with all their dreams , as that was in the plenitud of their life , &apos; was a man exitoso , so as father , as son , a brother amoroso and the outstanding of their family &apos; .
Felipe Bacio Cortés went very young of the city of Saltillo for imply the College the Aire in Zapopán , Jalisco .
Some not what creían because were that even . mareaba in the lorry ; without however , always suggestion to their dream of become in pilot .
Their sobrino George ex-President Dávila Bacio what reminds as a very good person , &apos; hardly was in Saltillo whole the family wanted saludarlo , as the occasion in that by to Martha Sahagún to Saltillo &apos; .
The young reminds that even when had with seven years of age was to Zapopán for the graduación of their family , by that know that their tío died doing what that more to horrible in the life : pilotear a aeronave .
I are the last goodbye
With Álvaro was contractor the commander governing of the be Air Mexicana , Felipe Bacio Cortés , in tribute that encabezó the governor George Torres oxide , and that to capitulated people and Government the State , the Ejercito Mexican , to through of the Sexta Zona Militar , the own be Air Mexicana , analysts and students the Tecnológico of Saltillo , where estudió in 1985 and . skills therefore in the study as in the sport .
Bacio Cortés , died in days automatic the desplomarse the helicopter that the piloteaba , with with the secretary of Gobernación , José Franz Blake Mora , and six people more , all officials of that on .
. the 18 : a.m. hours came the remains the saltillense Bacio Cortés ( cremados ) , for be awarded by the funeraria to Member of the be Air Mexicana , encabezados by the greater Jaime lurks , in the on the plantel , where already was expected by their family , between them their daughter Amanda and their wife Gutiérrez-Cortines , their mother , brothers and others kith , students and teachers .
Localizan three bodies devices in finca of Cadereyta NL
Horas before the &apos; , the authority military presented to the media of communication to eleven people that were being in the same municipalidad by crimes related the crime organised .
Three men were returned killed to balazos in different parties the body and with the away of grace , in a finca Just the prayer of Cadereyta Jiménez , Nuevo de .
The &apos; happened in the for 1.5 of the road of Cadereyta to Santiago , to the at of the community known as The evening .
Several people that their by the place observed that in the fifth , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , . was the portón open of couple in couple .
At look towards the internal , to a three metres , localizaron the bodies of three people , by what that of immediately &quot; explain to the authorities appropriate .
One of the individuals vestía playera most with wearing of mezclilla dark , without footwear ; to their hand was another with playera of tirantes cheque .
. small a metre was the body of another individual with playera roja and wearing of mezclilla blue .
The three . who their from .
In agreement to the data gulf in the place , the three people would been killed in another place , already that not . found casquillos in the website .
In the barda of the fifth . aprecian myths that will In of a group of the crime organised towards another , also of several orificios of bullet in the same and the portón .
Capturan to 11 in Cadereyta
The Secretaría of the Defence National was the presentation of 11 people , between them a will of age , who were part of a group misuse that operaba mainly in the prayer of Cadereyta and to who . them linked with secuestros , homicidios , &apos; halconeo &apos; and inhumaciones clandestinas .
According the information upsurge to know , in a first fact the day 11 of November in the colony The Alveros were being eight people and . in rescue to a that permanecía private of their freedom .
. them . them aseguraron three they and a celular ; he be those the group criminal so-called &apos; The Zetas &apos; .
In another fact happened the 12 of November to the 06 : a.m. hours , personal military was a way of surveillance in the populated Rancho Viejo , in Cadereyta , detectando a prosecution without numberplates and with two will to board .
At marcarles the high and to the inspection , the military found a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos .
should and after these statements , The 13 of November to the 14 : a.m. hours . relax to one of their cómplices in the ejido The Frauda , who the see to the military tried be to the flight .
It them . to some inhumaciones clandestinas in the municipalities of General Terán , China and Cadereyta .
It formará the Wednesday the new government Italian
The he first minister , Mauro Monti , . reunirá morning with the President of Italy for to the new government that . facing to a crisis that has was to that country the on the disaster economic
The he first minister Italian , Mauro Monti , . reunirá the Wednesday with the President of Italy for to the new government that . facing to a crisis that has was to Italy the on the disaster economic and has since in danger whole the eurozona .
A release the palace presidential announced that Monti , appointed the Sunday , . reunirá the Wednesday with the President , establishing Napolitano , for confirm that can be a Government .
It expected that present a gabinete up in their majority by technocrats , but not is clear when will the office the new executive .
Monti said that will the President the result of their discussions with the parties political in their attempt by be a government .
&apos; I confirm my absolute confidence in the capacity of our country of overcome this difficult stage &apos; , said the former same European to journalists .
Monti not said of way explicitly that will be a government but the tone of their comments indicaron that the obstacles . have overcome .
The &apos; framework is now well delineado &apos; , Yes .
Monti has completed the process of be a government in least of three days , a least of what normal , while Italy combat a crisis policy and financial that has perceptive the costs of their debt to levels insostenibles .
The new administration intended by the former same European Monti must approve a hard package of austerity demanded by the leaders European for to the hit confidence in Italy .
Subrayando the pressure on Monti for that . given haste , the instability of the markets startling the performance of the bonds Italian BTP to 10 years by above of 7 by % , the level in the that Greece and Ireland . were forced to be rescatadas .
Emma Marcegaglia , leader of the patronal Italian Confindustria , said to the press after meet with Monti : &apos; then that thrust a to this government &apos; .
We that this Government is the last opportunity for that Italy from of this situation of emergency .
The for of success of Monti . were impulsadas of way considerable by the from the party PDL of illiberal illiberal , to who the crisis forced to resign the Saturday .
&apos; We that the efforts the a Monti are for to have a good result &apos; , said to the press Angelino Alfano , secretary the party of centroderecha .
The support the PDL , the greater party of Italy , is significant because to now many of their Member . had theories the Government of majority tecnócrata that is its Monti .
support parliamentary
The new Government of Monti must have a strong support parliamentary for apply what that probably will impopulares reforms of austerity .
Any deadlock or delay in their efforts could to a new and devastating attack of the markets financial .
The partnership Italian of banks foreign . sumó to the pressure the have that a failure of Monti would a disaster .
Monti set the Monday their consultations with parties political , unions and groups business , so as with organisations youth and of women .
Pondrá end to their round of meetings the Tuesday by the night .
Monti was appointed the Sunday by Napolitano , that has habilitado a transition extremely fast in answer to the crisis .
After a brief four-year to end of the week last , when became clear that illiberal dimitiría , the costs of the debt Italian have again now to levels critical between the uncertainty on if the new first minister will success .
Rescatar to Italy , with a debt public of 1.8 billion of EUR , would too for the have financial current of the eurozona .
Monti has said that their government should last to the next elections , will for 2013 , despite to the predictions for on that the political only to ending time to apply the reforms before of adelantar the elections .
Monti has said that to like include political in their gabinete , but the large parties insisten in that must be have only by technical , a sign of their reparos to a process forced by the pressure financial .
of policies signal that the desconfianzas mutual and the disagreements broadcasting the parties are complicando the attempt of include figures policies .
The roce of the Spaniards is higher the of the ticos
In the 22 futbolistas called of Spain , ten rebasan the 50 games international .
From hand of Côte Rica only one of the 22 convocados came to the 50 events .
A contrast mayúsculo the of Côte Rica , if . compare the 22 convocados by both countries for the friendly of today , to the 3 : a.m. p. values . , in the Estadio National of St José .
While the champions world and of Europe , number one the ranquin monthly of the FIFA , contabilizan a broader registration of games interselecciones of class . , the Tricolor only has the of Michael Umaña as the only that has the 50 parties international .
This figure the Karlsbad the Friday previous in the party against Panama ( 0-2 ) , in the Rommel of .
The futbolistas Spaniards that lives in the League of the Estrellas and in powerful clubs of the League Premier of England , have the year a interaction activity in Ice of league and glass domestic , and descent of high level in copas European as Champions League .
. what previous . to sum the experience with the Furia – in eliminatorias complicated of the football and the World of futbol .
The futbolistas ticos , by the contrary , they a roce international limited in a area , as the Concacaf , that is professor the of more under level within of the FIFA .
We that the maximum registration of the Selección Spanish is the arquero Íker Casillas , who the Saturday previous to England ( fall 0-1 in London ) igualó the registration the exportero Andoni Zubizarreta , with 126 events international .
Casillas jugará today to the Tricolor and impondrán a new record for Spain of 127 internacionalidades .
Xavi springs , volante cerebral the Barcelona , has 106 .
Casillas and Xavi , even , were recognised the week previous by the UEFA with to the other centenarios the team ibérico , the lifting Zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete the a , a González , with 102 .
Almost close of the figure centenaria is Carles Puyol , with 97 games .
I are Xabi Alonso , with 91 ; Ferdinand Torres , with 90 ; David owned and Sergio Ramos , both with 81 ; Andrés Iniesta , with waterways ; Cesc Fábregas , with 61 ; and David da , with 53 .
From hand tico , and close of Michael Umaña , are the lateral izquierdo Júnior commander , with 48 presencias and the artillero Bryan Ruiz , with 45 .
After of there , only five accounting the 30 parties : Keilor Navas with 31 , Randall Azofeifa with 32 , Michael Barrantes with 31 , seat springs with 36 and José Luis oxide with 35 .
The least .
With more of 30 presentaciones in Spain on Gerard Piqué ( 37 ) , Sergio Busquets ( 36 ) , Santiago Santi Cazorla ( 32 ) , Álvaro Arbeloa ( 31 ) and a Albiol ( 31 ) .
From hand national , with least of 30 presencias , officer Roy Miller with 26 , Winston Parks with 26 , Mor Badilla with 25 and Roy Myrie with 23 .
The rest not . about to the 20 .
While Nacho Moreal only has four games and Jordi mining two , in Côte Rica Vittorio Bolívar has only one and Ólman Vargas and Edder Nelson still not debutan .
The goleador historic of Spain is David owned , with 50 dianas , followed by Ferdinand Torres with 27 .
, Côte Rica , Bryan Ruiz is the that with more many with nine , two more that seat springs and three more that Roy Myrie and Parks .
Quinteto included the country in their revolves of since of two decades of very
&apos; Ir to Côte Rica is a dream fact reality &apos;
In interview own with Viva , the bajista Jeff Ament , of Pearl Jam , said that the bandwidth is list for offer one of their best concerts the next Sunday , in the Estadio National .
They been more of 20 years of expected , but the bandwidth are that for them also will into in reality the dream of play in the country .
So what was the bajista and Member founder , Jeff Ament , who spoke in own with Viva , since Brazil , the week last .
The grouping . is in the went suramericana of their revolves of since of two decades of work and the Sunday 20 will their only level in America .
That day . presented in the Estadio National , to from of the 7 : 30 p. values . , with to the bandwidth angelina The X and the national of The Robertas .
This is a extracto of the conversation , whose transcript full is in The Nación in Internet .
For their followers costarricenses , is a dream fact reality that Pearl Jam will to play in Côte Rica , ? are aware of what that are living their fan ?
Ir to Côte Rica is a dream fact reality for us also .
This is hardly our second time in South and America and to now has been Preparations .
I state in Côte Rica only a time and of holiday ; is a country so adorn and I that we to power slogans a days there .
So that us emociona to our music there .
It what wonder because there a kind of devoción towards the bandwidth , the fan live with modern the days very .
? What them say to their more fervientes followers ?
Thank by remain to our hand to through of all these years .
We took almost 21 years to to Côte Rica ; thanks by have expected therefore and lamentamos that us has taken therefore time in to to there .
terrific people even already . concerns to their of as the shows more large the year .
? I adds that a little of pressure to their visit ?
Some of the shows more large that we tocado for the last 21 years sucedieron for the last couple of weeks .
Tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in Sao Paulo and we that that us has since in way for this of in Côte Rica .
In truth , are very desperately of play there .
Amamos that country , us love surfear and the jungla ; for both things , Côte Rica is between the best the world .
? How was that abused Côte Rica and their waves for surfear ?
We many friends that are surfeadores and I a great friend that lives in Tamarindo and the waves there are &apos;s .
My friends always . would to surfear to Côte Rica and Nicaragua , with with Mexico , are large places for surfear ; so was how us enteramos , by a of people that loves the surf .
At see the revolves , have come entregando shows enormous with many songs .
? What have planeado for their presentation in Côte Rica ?
As never we tocado there before , then not we no be on what that we to .
Intentaremos give the better shows possible with a good variety of songs ; trataremos of play a couple of songs of each album and them to our fan a good and diverse repertorio .
You never are the repertorio .
? . what . must this ?
I that is partially because we nine disks and we play more of 120 songs and to each one to them different songs , so that is difficult decisions what songs play each night .
When we two or three songs in the repertorio that have pink of not play , that us in enfocados and also us in surprised because us reminds the reasons by the that us gustaban these songs and that . us could have neglected .
That ago that the shows be more interesting for us and , by therefore , I that also what again more interesting for the people .
With this revolves , are made 20 years of very .
At look back , ? is difficult of believe all what that have achieved ?
Yes , absolutely .
In first place , I that none of us . heterosexuality that we in a great bandwidth of rock and have fact by more of 20 years ago that some as a dream .
We up our bendiciones and us emociona a that we to doing music together .
all us want and us love create music .
are lucky of go to places the world to the that always quisimos go .
The things not could be better for us .
? What meant for you the have been part fundamental the emergence the grunge ?
always has been a honour be part of that group of large gangs .
are very friends of the people of Soundgarden , Mudhoney and Alice in Chains .
is surprising when a movement arises of a group of friends and is something little common .
In time in when , arises a bandwidth of a city , but is a more strange when five or ten gangs out the same time of a same city .
We proud and honest of be part the group of Seattle .
still tocamos with some of them of time in when .
The year last , we in a festival with Alice in Chains and we in Canada with Mudhoney , saw to Soundgarden in their revolves , so that are lucky of be friends of all them still and us honour be part of that other of Seattle that about .
also is very strange that a bandwidth as the of you . it united and with the ourselves Member by therefore time .
Yes , four of us we are together by 21 years and Matt ( phase ) . us joined ago 13 years , what which , by itself only , is a more time the that removal many gangs .
In first place , I that all are lucky of be still with life and , in Secondly , all us far-reaching by the others .
all are friends very those and , thanks to that , also . have open avenidas music that to are freedom to each one of shares .
We likewise the a to the other with the music of each one and not could be better .
The relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simple ; without however , thanks to their success , have been to what that want .
? How are a balance ?
. as we gone growing , has been more easy find a balance .
We ensure of that not be too of revolves because is easy we in that at of the large multitudes and of the people that loves your music .
While one democrat that the people is there by the music , that you democrat that she respect the music and what that the by , without encapricharse by be famous and be a rock star , something that to none of us really to interested .
? How reminds their another project Mother Love Bone ?
I that escribimos very good songs and the principle was something Preparations .
We a bandwidth by almost three years and never tracing a disco to that after of that muriera Andy ( manslaughter Woods ) .
There many frustraciones because durara therefore and what more important is that still are very friends of Bruce ( Fairweather ) and Greg ( Gilmore ) , that they in the bandwidth with us and when hear a song or I a photograph I in the incredible person that Andy was and how I was laugh , always was a pleasure go to work , reírnos , about of music and futbol and a more .
was a be human surprising and what extrañamos .
The bandwidth national The Robertas will the that of open the shows in Côte Rica .
? is true that you know their work , in special Eddie Vedder , and that by that the escogieron for the opening ?
Yes , the production us sent videos with several proposals and that was the bandwidth that more us pleased , so that are desperately of see what that The Robertas can offer in in and duty be very &apos; .
? , what always period the lyrics of Yellow Ledbetter in in ?
That is a question for Ed ( Eddie Vedder ) , so that not I .
He the singing and I that what ago with what first that . to happen .
? As bajista , what are their sucrose ?
are so .
s of the first that . I occur are Geezer Butler , John Entwistle , agonising J. Ramone , John Doe , Paul McCartney , Chuck Dukowski ...
are many that could about whole the later on the bajistas that I crazy .
? How has achieved Pearl Jam keep relevant the grunge to despite of not be already a fashionable ?
I that all us always us we a little desconectados of the word grunge .
When I in it , I reminds the gangs that given before , as Mudhoney , Soundgarden , Nirvana and all the that overview the same time , and , if there ascendancy now , I that is something marvellous because is music that is the worth listen and gangs as Mudhoney are doing now better music that never .
At principle , their music had a content more dark and now . has again more positive .
? . what . must this change ?
is interesting because I that there a couple of songs in the new album that such time unimaginable more livianas , but also there songs , as The End or Just Breathe that as as songs very shameful but can sound a little Positive .
With both , when Ed I the tocó , lloré when the I and are songs deeply shameful .
I that when creces and there some trauma in your life and . lose to a family or a friend , these things start to movement your art and your music and these two songs , without doubt , for that for me .
also , I that . can be a person happy and still so power to music that be brown-skinned .
Peru :
Fujimori is internado has for examinations medical
The former President ex-President Fujimori was internado the Tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated by the loss of force vein that is in the piernas , reported their doctor of cabecera .
Fujimori , of 72 years , that does a condemns of 25 years of prison by violations to the rights human cometidas for their government ( 1990-2000 ) , suffering several dolencias , including a cancer in the language by the that has been a.m. four sometimes and that . in under control .
The congresista Great Aguinaga , who is their doctor personal , said the wave N of television that Fujimori will evaluated for three dÍas in the Institute National of Enfermedades Neoplásicas for The the reason the pain and the loss of force of their Member lower .
Aguinaga a that in their opinion Fujimori would a candidate for obtain the benefit the pardon by reasons humanitarian , without however , said that he not what to because . know innocent .
was a.m. four sometimes of cancer to the language , has a loss of weight ponderal of 18 75-kilo to the that . to have aunado other patologías as are the gastritis erosiva wording , the quiste the páncreas , the are renales , the hipertensión instances and the problems indicated in the piernas , enumeró the doctor .
Fujimori does solitary since September of 2007 in the from National of Operaciones Especiales of the police .
In April of 2009 was condemned to 25 years of prison by the death of 25 people to hands of a escuadrón of aniquilamiento the army that operó clandestinamente in the first years of their government .
Mujica travel to Mexico for strengthen links political
A comitiva official , Speaker by the President uruguayo , José Mujica , and integrated by several ministers and employers , will this Tuesday a visit to Mexico with the end of expandir the trade between both nations and address subjects political of the region .
Mujica . reunirá the Wednesday next with their couple Mexican , Felipe Calderón , point more high of a can agenda of events with authorities policies , trade and a I with the Sephardic of uruguayos residents in Mexico , according the agenda repeating by the Presidency uruguaya .
The meeting between both chairmen , in the city of long-standing , will &apos; being for the exchange of information in all what that are the matters political between the two nations &apos; , according published the Presidency the country facilitates in their Indeed website .
According media local , Mujica buscaría to that Calderón apoye to statements in the incident with France mushroomed when the event French , Nicolas Sarkozy , included the country facilitates in a list of havens tax , in the meeting the G20 in the city French of Cannes .
In their speech , Sarkozy was with from of the community international to those countries that will being havens tax , statement that resulted the reject of statements and the called to consultation to their ambassador in the country European .
Mexico chaired since November the G20 , group integrated by the countries emerging and developed more powerful the world , and has existing with the country facilitates , since January of this year , a convention for exchange information at with the end of avoid the double tributación .
The government uruguayo has tried in the last years agilizar the closer of agreements of exchange tax with the end of out of the &apos; list grey &apos; of the Organisation for the Cooperation and the Development Economic ( OECD ) , visions by countries that not implementaron all the standards international of cooperation in on tax .
In the level trade , Mexico and statements have existing since 2004 a Treaty of offered Trade ( TLC ) that has increased the exchange of goods between both nations .
The plumber bigotudo . is the three dimensions with &apos; Super Mauro regressed Land &apos;
Super Mauro has fought , unstinting , to what long of 25 years by save to the Saudi Peach of the garras the malvado Bowser , but never to now what had fact in three dimensions : in &apos; Super Mauro regressed Land &apos; peleará by the love of the girl in technology estereoscópica .
The title , that is this month to the shops of all the world , has been designed since a principle for take the characteristics of the video portátil Nintendo 3DS , that allows play in three dimensions without need of use glasses .
&apos; Mauro is the like that has that say how must work the estereoscopía without glasses &apos; , aseveró the responsible of press specialised of Nintendo in Spain , Omar Álvarez , for the presentation the videojuego in Madrid .
Álvarez pressed that &apos; Super Mauro regressed Land &apos; is &apos; the first videojuego of Nintendo considered originalmente for that aid &apos; , already that to now successes as &apos; Star Fox 64 regressed &apos; or &apos; Zelda : Ocarine of Madam regressed &apos; were adaptaciones of titles existing .
The spokesman of Nintendo has an that , to despite of be in regressed , &apos; Super Mauro regressed Land &apos; is a videojuego &apos; accessible &apos; that allows enjoy of a starting fast and fluida .
Álvarez has highly that &apos; Super Mauro regressed Land &apos; contains two games in one : the first part is &apos; simple &apos; for enganchar to the users least hábiles .
A time superada , the more experts will give a &apos; second back &apos; to the levels of at , that this time have greater difficulty .
In , the users will choose in time real between a &apos; D persists &apos; or one that only afecte to the depth of the action , but will necessary play in three dimensions for power overcome the different challenges and &apos; not sucumbir to lay angles &apos; .
This incursion of Super Mauro in the three dimensions is also the back the like to a video portátil , fact that not . produce since the year 2005 .
In this videojuego Nintendo ago guiños to the followers of the saga and over the formula the success of the evidence previous , consisting in that the plumber the bigote will that go platforms minadas of dangers with the aim of release to the Saudi Peach .
Although the player heart innovations in the movements , the forestry , the disfraces and the enemies and also to a Luigi &apos; jugable &apos; .
i avala the extradition of Portillo towards States United
The President Álvaro i announced this Tuesday that was rubber-stamping to the extradition the exgobernante Alfonso Portillo for that Vice-President in States United by the conspiración for the laundering of US $ 70 million .
So stops the process for that Guatemala respondiera to the request the country the north that reclamaba to Portillo for juzgarlo beyond .
In conference of press , i said that their decision temper to the independence of powers legal and executive , taking in account that a court of ruling already had in the extradition .
Aseveró that for their mandate &apos; not metió the hands &apos; in resolutions judicial and was rubber-stamping to all the extradiciones that has known .
In of Portillo , will extraditados Sergio Ruano Marroquín , by murder and injury serious , and fugitive Estrada Morales and Vittorio Estrada Speaker , both by wishes .
What fact by i is a rubber-stamping executive then that . agotaran all the bodies judicial and constitutional for assertion the exmandatario of between 2000 and 2004 .
In agreement with resolutions the Court 5th Criminal and of the Court of Constitucionalidad ( CC ) , Portillo must be he a time has solventado their situation legal in Guatemala and . ashamed their rights human .
Portillo was absuelto by the desfalco of Q120 million in the Ministry of the Defence when was President , the which was the process that antecedía to the extradition , but the Ministry Público apeló and thirteenth the case .
Trinijove has helped to 6 young in situation of risk
The entity born for avoid the fall in the rise of boys without training
The balance of the first 25 years of life of the entity of support social Trinijove is important : 6 young in risk of exclusion have received aid for overcome a situation difficult to what long of this quarter of century .
. this . adds the hundred long of jobs of work achieved currently for this group social .
The anniversary was yesterday for to balance in a act The in the former complex fabril of Fabra i Coats the that attended more of 300 people .
Trinijove born in the area of Trinitat Vella in 1986 with the aim of help to young with little training , without work , with problems of dogradicción or in situation of we in the rise .
The since of yesterday in Sant Andreu concentró to a great number of responsible of entities and institutions that in these 25 years have colaborado with the partnership .
The diverse representation policy , in full time electoral , was the nature circumvent the work done by Trinijove .
Together the President of the Generalitat , Artur Mas , and to their predecessor Jordi Pujol , attended the act the exconseller of Education socialist , Ernest Maragall , and the exteniente of Mayor and current concejal ecosocialista Ricard Gomà .
also did to the great room of the Fabra i Coats the current conseller of Benestar security i Família , Josep Lluís Cleries , and the director general of the labour social of The Caixa , Jaume Lanaspa .
Mas said that Trinijove born in a time very difficult and that the current also what is , but added that the work done to now &apos; is a good basis &apos; .
The President it to Trinijove as example by know fight against the poor circumstances and by give hope to the people with difficulties .
&apos; The crisis not is something new for the entity and for the work that for &apos; , manifested .
Desalojada a finca okupada where . doing macrofiestas
The invaders . had adueñado of 11 of the 13 strip the building , in Balmes , 51
The 12 ocupantes no the finca the at of yesterday without offer resistance
all seems indicate that the pesadilla that living the neighbours the 51 of the street of Balmes has come to their end .
Chernobyls people abandoned the at of yesterday volunteer the inmueble that high-ranking illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas that desesperaban the vecindario , by order legal and without need of a intervention police .
When end the operation , . changed the cerrojo of the door for avoid that . repeat the situation .
&apos; . from of now will a control of access &apos; , said the administrator .
The okupas , that had rally 11 of the 13 strip the building - rest are habitados- , . were whole the plant electricity and part of the the water , also of paint the walls and to waste of all kind , on all latas of excess excess .
The three first strip were the stage of the parties multitudinarias , that duraban to two days and desesperaban to the inquilinos .
At hand the building there a discoteca , Balmes 51 , that also . has seen printed .
Their role , Maria Pantinat he to Europe reporter that since that the building was occupied the business has down a 80 % .
The role of the discoteca as that the invaders of the finca to doing competition unfair , already that vendían the copas to three EUR , while in the discoteca valen 10 .
In , the role the local of leisure had had that to to complaints vecinales by noise , while , according pointed , the bother not the their the customers of the discoteca , but the inhabitants of the home okupada and , on all , the assistants to the parties that . organizaban there , that had increased their often and modern in the last weeks , according the enojados neighbours of the area .
The responsible of the discoteca he that the bother were so large that even came to a agreement with the you the inmueble and ago nine months that &apos; to perdona &apos; the for .
The Álava Urbana also this that for the last weeks had received more complaints of neighbours by the situation .
The President the group municipal the PP in the lives , ex-President of commander , had fugitive the week last &apos; desalojar of way immediate the inmueble for end with the problems of them and civismo that is to the neighbours , so as the exacerbate of the area &apos; .
The leader popular he that before the summer only had a floor the building occupied , but to what long of the last months the okupas had gone their in all the plants the building and in almost all the strip , and that in at even . have been seas .
In this sense added that , &apos; is necessary end with the impunity and be explain against the incivismo that . has led in the finca &apos; .
also yesterday , the Mossos desalojaron a building in Nou Barris .
. the 15.30 hours the police . house-building to the 35 of the street of Mont-ral , after receive the so-called of a neighbour that had seen that four people accedían the building .
The four were detained in the time .
? Parque or mountain ?
The architects line in the opportunity of the call more beyond of controversial on refunded
The Song municipal on the 16 doors reabre the debate on the role of Collserola in Barcelona
Amediados of the 80 , in full for of the already extinta Corporación Metropolitana of Barcelona ( CMB ) , this Administration imprimió a pasquines of promotion of Collserola .
The folleto definía the mountain as the great park of the Barcelona cause .
is more , . acompañaba of a compared , in figures , with the Central Park neoyorquino .
With the death of the CMB , in 1987 , the park the to situarse , in the imaginary of many , as the limit higher of Barcelona , being the capital catalana of the few that not . orientan in the &apos;s north-south but down ( mountain ) -abajo ( sea ) .
The rating of Collserola as park natural &apos; in this idea .
The reference already not was Central Park but Yellowstone , with the jabalís in the role the oso Yogi .
In these . was to that , in September , the lives convocó a megacompetición states by 16 notice for other so doors of access to Collserola .
A door planned to the idea of park , without doubt .
Or that or someone intended to doors the field .
The question its single : Collserola , ? park or mountain ?
The Song , therefore by their it merely organizativa as by what that is of reflection on the city is the issue of conversation between all the architects barceloneses .
is almost already a issue recurrent the that it hand when two Member of this former untouchables of elected . recognise in a lift .
And this fact . ordinary , precisely , to a of the few coincidencias between what that opinion three architects barceloneses , and teachers It , that . have presented .
Miguel Roldán , Daniel Mòdol and Marta Bayona : the Song is right .
For Roldán , after addressed the with shallow &apos; . ago necessary &apos; discuss on &apos; the with of mountain &apos; , whole time that the speech of Ildefons Cerdà , the of the premium devote , not . has taken to out .
&apos; One from of the basis of that the park more trout of Barcelona is the a .
Among other things by their great accesibilidad .
Collserola is more complex &apos; , ruling the architect for who the title of &apos; doors of Collserola &apos; within a &apos; trap léxica &apos; : not there that think in them &apos; as the accesos to a park , but the delimitación of a areas where there that act &apos; .
Mòdol , as Roldán and Bayona with experience in the world urbanístico , described the proposal of &apos; challenge intellectual &apos; with &apos; some dangers &apos; .
Peligros derivatives of what &apos; uncertain that is today day project the space public &apos; after the experience vivida in the 80 and that had in the area the Fòrum &apos; their low-key the cisne &apos; .
The first fear is the own delimitación of a borders on where . can build .
&apos; bath something is them already the next step &apos; , is say , their sobrepaso .
&apos; There that think in new instruments urbanísticos , of planning , because the current &apos; in reference the Plan General Metropolitano ( PGM ) &apos; can give ordinary to auténticos disasters &apos; .
than ceñido to the question , Mòdol view that , simplificando , the it vallesana of Collserola &apos; can should as a park , the of Barcelona , not &apos; , by a question merely topográfica .
Mòdol reminds that already there a work fact by the Patronat of Collserola that &apos; not must we in together it &apos; , but thanks the opportunity that the lives does to their gremio of intervene in this project &apos; since the first time &apos; .
And still more , understand that the cercanía of the mountain with the city is the police that allows to the architects into in the debate , but &apos; doubt &apos; on if is this profile technical the that must lead the equipment multidisciplinarios ( &apos; all a likewise &apos; , as ) that . have had that create : &apos; The architects should be only a tool &apos; .
Bayona nothing that the answer to the question that . title to this one is complex , because in the foundation the Song lack a vision global of Collserola : &apos; It have blessing 16 notice Also -dice- in the sense montaña-mar , but not there a reading longitudinal , that see and understands the area in their whole &apos; .
This from , the least in their case , that has choice by participate in the 16 notice .
In another way , a project for a of the doors can chocar in programme and definition with the the architect of the door of the hand .
In their opinion , that itself , the lives should ensure that the Strip immediately higher to the Round of Dalt should at , in whole their spread , a area of equipamientos that efectuara a softly transition between the city and what green .
Casino perdona to Jonás Larrazábal and nothing free
Then of 72 days of arraigo , the helplessness legal the Casino Network otorgó the forgiveness the brother the Mayor of Monterrey the process that . to was by presuntos chantajes
Then of remain 72 days recognized , Manuel Jonás Larrazábal nothing in freedom then of that the helplessness legal the Casino Network to otorgara the forgiveness to the Juzgado second Criminal of showed , that still a process by blackmail against the brother the Mayor of Monterrey .
Then the attack the Casino Royale , the you the Casino Network , Sergio Gil evacuated , was public a series of photographs and videos in the that presuntamente Manuel Jonás to requirements the payment of a share economic for that the lives regiomontano allowed the operation illegal of the home of betting .
After the concession public , the Procuraduría state was a process criminal against the brother the Mayor panista and the 2 of September was arrested and deep-rooted by 30 days .
Then of four hours to the Agente the Ministry Público 3 in Delitos Patrimoniales , was made to the House of Arraigo 1 , wish in the Barrio Antiguo of the capital the State .
In that place permaneció for the 49 days following the dictársele a second order of arraigo then of that the or the Ministry Público desechara the crimes of cohecho and crime organised .
The 19 of October was made the criminal of Cadereyta presuntamente by chantajear with a million and a of lightweights to the owners the Casino Network ; without however , only permaneció a hours in the reclusorio of medium-sized security already that were threats of death in their against .
The authorities to allowed to the trial internado in the cells municipal of St taxpayers of the Garza .
The 25 of October . to cell order of aprehensión by the secretary the Juzgado second Criminal of showed , George Yánez , who said that to almost two months of averiguaciones . comprobaron enough evidence for The the assumed of Jonás , such as the collection of 1.5 million of lightweights to the representatives of the home of betting to change of allow the operation of the same .
This Monday , the helplessness legal of Casino Network , Vittorio Aldo evacuated Gómez , turned to the juzgador José Luis Pecina to for the forgiveness for the brother the Mayor regio ; by what that in the next hours could to their freedom .
During the diligencia legal , the or the Ministry Público adscrito the Juzgado , Ramiro - , cuestionó to evacuated Gómez if . had repaired the damage and who of the partners of the home of betting was the that otorgó the forgiveness , but the lawyer tried Event the name .
With basis the dossier reconversion / 2011 . this the forgiveness legal to Jonás Larrazábal and in what sucesivo not will stand complaint any in about the process that . to was ; also of that not . to exigirá reparación of damage or punishment .
After the hearing the helplessness legal of the home of betting , close of the 15 : 50 . thirteen the immediate freedom of Larrazabal Bretón .
The secretary the Juzgado , George Yánez , . found to the prison the prayer of St taxpayers of the Garza for if to Jonás that has been perdonado legally and their dossier will archivado .
also what notificará of the order of freedom immediate that issued the judge .
The secretary Dionisio publishing Jácome . details the accident air where lost the life the secretary of Gobernación , Franz Blake , and seven people more
The Secretaría of communications and Transport ( SCT ) reported that the results thrown on the accident where lost the life the secretary of Gobernación , Franz Blake Mora , and seven people more , show that the helicopter . impactó of way direct on the ground in full integrity structural , without that the pilot could try a landing implications .
During a conference of press , Dionisio publishing Jácome , secretary of communications and Transport , mentioned that before of controllers the aeronave , the pilot Funds that the conditions of climate were the right for fly .
&apos; The elements that seem indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the aspas had contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje &apos; .
also reported that the unit was sewn for 19 people , by what that had with the requerimientos necessary for carry the personal .
In , said that in the investigations made in the area the impact not . reporta the emergence of parts in the ground .
&apos; In a search . our that not there parts or components of the nave in another place , the impact . presented of way structural .
&apos; The design the helicopter was for 19 passengers , had with requerimientos We for trasportar to the passengers .
The ground is a outstanding of seven degrees to the 30 degrees of gradient .
, the time , the secretary was that is a priority have with the results before possible ; without however , the research can last several months , even could achieve a year .
, their part , Gilberto oxide honoured , director general of Aeropuertos and Servicios Auxiliares , was that the time the impact , the helicopter the State Army Presidencial operaba in speed of cruise and that this happened in a ground blando ascending .
&apos; This information strengthens the hipótesis of a operation normal of cruise the time the impact &apos; , expressed .
In the conference of press , the wheat of the SCT , publishing Jácome , enumeró six element relevant in the research :
Vuelo about :
accordance to the normatividad Ôhe the flight . was under the rules of flight about , this means that the tripulación must have visibility for the flight and the ground .
Condiciones likely :
The reportes in the AICM ubicaban conditions right the sleep , with is the aeronave towards the area deeply between the DF and the State of Mexico . were facilitated of nubosidad to low at .
Rutas seleccionadas :
is likely that by the conditions of nubosidad the tripulación has buscada a area of will raising and greater visibility towards the valley of Cuernavaca .
Ubicación the impact .
The coordenadas of impact and the last registration of the aeronave the sit line , probably before the impact not was loss of control or at in the very of flight .
Dispersión of remains of the aeronave in a area reduced :
The information available to the time it mean that the impact happened in a very straight and of hand .
The patrón of dispersión of remains of the aeronave it mean that the helicopter . impactó in the ground in conditions of integrity structural .
not . has been obvious of ceasefire or explosion :
In the website the are are without revelarse evidencias in the remains of the nave of some kind of explosion or ceasefire .
The last results of the research show that could have had multiple contacts with the ground .
During the jobs of field . have found parts of the aeronave to a raising of 9 billion 200 feet on the level a the sea , the ground is a outstanding that is since the seven degrees to 30 degrees of gradient .
The photographs show the sequence in the that expected . desarticuló to what long of said way .
The information provided elements that seem indicate that the helicopter could have had multiple impactos in the ground .
After of the search It in a area more wider that the website acordonado , around the accident , not . have found parts pieces of the aeronave , what that strengthens the presumption of that the impact . presented in conditions of integrity structural .
MSS is protocol for finding gene of obesity
Dirige the certain security a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is supported in specialists the IPN
The Institute Mexican the certain security ( IMSS ) announced that at a research for be the gene of the obesity in children and young , so-called protocol &apos; Genética of the obesity of the childhood and the adolescence &apos; , that will have with marcadores with the obesity .
In a release , the head of the Unit of Research Médica in Bioquímica the smoke-related of Especialidades the Centre Médico National Siglo 21st , Miguel Cross oxide , he that . in-house a team multidisciplinario of medical , nurses , nutriólogos and workers social .
In team is supported by specialists and a of postgrado the Institute National of Health Public ( INSP ) and the Centre of Research and of lawmaking Avanzados ( Cinvestav ) the Institute Politécnico National ( IPN ) .
In the research . taught to participate to the population be or not derechohabiente , come to the units sporting participants the IMSS in the Valle of Mexico , where . are to out the evidence to the under , all the I to from of the 8 : a.m. hours .
Destacó that the protocol started in the Unit Deportiva Cuauhtémoc ( State of Mexico Poniente ) and that since the 8 of October , the activity . has to out in the Unit Deportiva Nezahualcóyolt ( State of Mexico East ) .
A time that . ! the aim of together to 500 or 600 under , the study Unions in the Unit Deportiva geared ( southern the showed Federal ) and finally in the Unit Deportiva Morelos ( the north the showed Federal ) .
Explicó that the purpose of this research is know the components and the importance of the modification with regard the development of the obesity and identify in children and young interest factors of risk for prevent the emergence of diseases chronic degenerativas .
At have this 14 of November the Day World of the Diabetes , precisó that the aim is together to three billion children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the consent and supervision of their parents , for the implementation of cuestionarios specific on food .
also . them preguntará on the activity physical and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk that desencadenen padecimientos as disease or inadequacy renal .
Detalló that the I . them applies to all the participants measurements antropométricas ( weight , stature , circumference of cintura ) , decision-making of pressure instances , determination of the levels of glucosa , triglicéridos , colesterol and insulin and beings ( . search identify genes that . asocien to the obesity child ) .
Cross oxide pointed that this research temper to the concern of the professionals of the health by the alarming increase of weight in the under .
&apos; The out of health of 1999 and 2006 signal that in so only six years was a increase , in the case of the children , of 77 by % in obesity , and of the girls of 47 by % ; in terms of obesity also . observed a rise dramatic &apos; , skills the specialist the IMSS .
Indicó that the justification for the search of the marcadores . sustenta in that the population the country from of other by their history modification .
informed that in average , the Mexican has 65 by % of inheritance Indian American , 30 by % European and five by % Africa and this condition . reflects in the genes that . take to disease and too of weight .
Explicó that of way general , the modification of the obesity . translates in the inability of bath the too of energy that consumimos ( lowcalorie ) and that . transported in way of blubber .
The scientists he that the benefit direct for the participants is the assessment contained of the children , what that allows detect if have some degree of obesity or obesity .
Even , said , the presence of pliegues of colour obscuro ( acantosis ) in bottleneck and antebrazo , that show the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones metabólicas and to prediabetes .
The information . &apos; of way confidential , the medical the entregan by writing to the parents , to who . them explains each a of the measurements and the changes in the lifestyle of life that must to for prevent diseases .
Cross oxide he that there three components main that cause obesity , obesity and other padecimientos crónicos : the sedentarismo , that is the lack of activity physical daily , remain the greater part the day at with the television and use media of transport in place of walking travel short-haul .
also . must to the high ingesta calórica , is say , the greater consumption of excess azucaradas , of carbohidratos ( tamales , bread , pizza , hamburger , etc ) with high content in unprocessed and protein and the modification that . analysing in this protocol .
Asfalto of the UNAM evitaría pretty
programme Herrera , scientists of the struck of Química of the UNAM , develops asfaltos which with polímeros for produce a a with better every , regardless of the conditions environmental and of temperature
If the signals that are the pavimento like - , not would necessary reparar close of 200 billion pretty each season of dry in the Zona Metropolitana the Valle of Mexico , warned programme Herrera Nájera , scientists of the struck of Química ( FQ ) of the UNAM , who was that if the process of construction and it of a pavimento asfáltico is the appropriate , the pretty could radioactivity in amount or , even , disposed by completely .
In their conference A opinion technological of the pretty , dictada in the framework the Year International of the Química , was to know that the laboratory to their office develops asfaltos which with polímeros for produce a a with characteristics like to the the she , but with a greater resistance set-up , therefore to high as to in temperatures .
Herrera Nájera estimó that this kind of asfaltos which could used in places where the climate is extremely a , as some cities the north the country , for improve their every and , by what therefore , the training of pretty .
Explicó that the she , the part more disproportionately the oil , is a whole of moléculas of hidrocarburos , a of high weight molecular , so-called asfaltenos , and other of under weight molecular , so-called maltenos , that Money to are the pavimento their characteristic behaviour viscoelástico .
The behaviour viscoelástico the she is in that to high temperatures , close of the U-turn degrees , . means as a tanks , to 120 degrees degree their viscosidad is very high and to 50 degrees degree is a state almost part , while that to temperatures very in , the she . again quebradizo , added .
What previous means that in the streets the resistance the she not is uniform , but that . is constitutes for the day of agreement with the conditions environmental and of temperature , warned the specialist in engineering chemistry .
The scientists of the FQ observed that the streets of the City of Mexico in their majority are covered by pavimento flexible , the which . consists of six facilitated of materials , of the which the last three involucran the she .
Among the facilitated more superficiales . is the carpeta asfáltica , conformada by small stones bañadas in she and then compactadas .
Every a of the piedritas that is the carpeta , pointed , is bañada with she .
At transitar the vehicles and generarse efforts , this allows that the forces . are very well in the pavimento .
If . like of she amended . difundirían still better , opinion the draughtsman chemical .
On the carpeta asfáltica , abundó , . put a last layer so-called carpeta of rodadura , the which is nation of a material of stone fine , is say , a bit that also . baña in she .
As . is of the layer that is to be in contact with the llantas of the vehicles , must have more force set-up that the carpeta asfáltica and provide fricción in the way .
At be the part the pavimento that is to receive and salvage the efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , also , have the thick appropriate and . must they the material the that is nation .
The climate , especially the moisture and the shift of temperature , also are a factor very important to be , in special the water , said , because affects significantly the every of the carpeta asfáltica .
When the ground . humedece , the water . disseminate in the internal of the carpeta and is difficult that from , this level a reblandecimiento of all the facilitated the pavimento and , by what therefore , the training of pretty .
In the process of training of a bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film of rodamiento and only after . affects the carpeta asfáltica , but the damage not happens instantáneamente , but that is a process that should atenderse to the first signals with We programmes of it .
The also Member the underlined National of Investigadores he that the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of pretty and , by this , the thick of each a of the facilitated the pavimento must go always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure that . ! , for avoid that . train pretty frecuentemente .
programme Herrera warned that still there a that with and work on the she , by example , the emulsiones asfálticas , that in other countries already . are even in the market and it reparar the pretty with easily and without need of use high temperatures .
? What to wilfully to the Mayor the Valle for be the new señorita Colombia ?
Análisis of the factors that incidieron for that Melina Ramírez Serna not alcanzara the nickel of Señorita Colombia .
The Valle In their title number 14 of Saudi .
In new the Valle the Cauca . is with the wish of the nickel of Señorita Colombia .
This time Melina Ramírez Serna . had that shaping with be in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the nickel of silver and the bandwidth that the acreditan as new Saudi of Colombia .
With the result successful anoche in Cartagena , where the señorita Atlantic . alzó with the nickel and the cetro , the department already sum 14 titles of Princess and Melina . a to the legión of women vallecaucanas that have state close of the nickel but that were proclamas princesas between them of Ospina Benoit ( Istrian ) , Clara Domínguez Borrero ( 1949 ) , from Bellini Ayala ( 1979 ) , was Álvarez ( 1981 ) , Rose Mary Alzate ( 1983 ) , Olga María Arenas ( 1987 ) , Leila Blanque ( 1988 ) , Mónica Evers ( 1989 ) , María Consuela Pinedo ( 1990 ) , Diana Isabel Romero ( 1993 ) , Giselle Garcés Aljure ( 2000 ) , Catalina Giraldo ( 2007 ) , Stephanie Garcés Aljure ( 2008 ) .
Today the great question that many . do is ? What wilfully ?
Because the result represents the defeat of a great favorita that in each presentation proved that it had all for be the new Señorita Colombia , not in vain was elected Reina of the Police and better Rostro Jolie of Vogue , titles that able reinas as Taliana Vargas or Natalia Navarro who . were the nickel of Señorita Colombia .
The first factor that . as key in the decision that took the jury of designarla First Princess assurance in that not convenció with their answer to the question &apos; ? What is that book that you has there to you and by what ? nation by Martín Murillo Gómez , of the Carreta Literaria Leamos .
At interrrogante the vallecaucana replied :
&apos; shall a , I quite in the literature , I that is a way of culturalizarse , definitively I that the book that I espoused of childhood is &apos; The principito &apos; , is a book quite their .
currently leo &apos; Crimen and punishment &apos; , is a book of literature universal that all we read ; and today in day I read the book of Irene Nemirovski , a Russian , a book hermosísimo that . is &apos; The ardor of the blood &apos; &apos; .
A answer that little pleased first by the term &apos; culturalizarse &apos; and Secondly by not explain of way particular of what way each one of the books that citó the have there .
But the conclude the ceremony Melina manifested your relaxed and happy with the result &apos; the universe is sabio is what that has that to .
And for whole the people , by favour read a poquito , &apos; The principito &apos; is a great book &apos;
Among the hipótesis been . says that to Valle the quemó the favoritismo .
A journalist bogotano insinuó that the be the Municipal , the ovacionada and the Mayor that . was all the prizes preliminary ( challenge of gastronomía Oster , vote the public by the better suit notions , and Reina troubled ) , &apos; that kindled the celos of the other has , estresó to the as and by that not brilló in the stage &apos; .
And that . notó in their first presentation in suit of It in the a the Hilton and their two desfiles in the evening of coronación .
Although in both lució safe , . notó that to missing the force and the impetus that the representatives of Magdalena and Atlantic itself Valley .
Ariel Osorio , journalist the programme &apos; As in home &apos; , the wave RCN opinion that the fact of that Melina outside abroad Saudi &apos; apparent that the Mayor that more prizes earns for the Song not is as as &apos; .
In , Valle . was to what last very esquiva with the press , and there . equivocó .
is hipótesis is that Valle not in to the jury on their interest towards the work social , that is in last , the essence the Concurso National of Belleza .
, something , two days before of the election the jury international Lucy Doughty manifested that them buscaban a woman comprometida with the needs social of their pais .
&apos; The contest single not enough in a Miss Colombia , there that look region beyond of what physical and Firstly in their sensitivity social , that before of imply the Concurso are already involucradas in projects &apos; , he .
also . especula that Valle pecó by their flaws in the derriere and the fibrosis that . to notaba in their abdomen , but is marginal therefore precisely the jury the made as the Mayor &apos; Belleza natural &apos; with the body more healthy , good food and work physical responsible .
The preparador of reinas George Hernán Orozco recognised that Melina not had the better body , that had best , &apos; but their problem of fibrosis in the abdomen , that the truth for my not was very notoria , to bowed points in the last day &apos; .
Among therefore the journalist Guido Hoyos , of the magazine Cromos as that the mistake of the vallecaucana were the speeches quirúrgicas that . practicó .
&apos; The cirugías are well , but Valle not . the was to .
Their body never was their strong and here . the cobraron &apos; .
, this was , that by first time over the Concurso National of the Belleza , after the parade in suit of It about a debilitating vaticinio that anoche . perform , therefore . said that this was the contentillo that Raymundo to concedía to Melina for not you the will of the nickel .
Realidad or not , what true is that Melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as sovereign , but as Saudi , position that to offered the possibility of represent to Colombia in one of the certámenes international by designation the own Concurso National .
, however , it will to the history as a of the reinas that to despite of their arrollador step by Cartagena , to was esquiva the nickel .
So was the work the caleño that lighthouse the cadáver of Alfonso Cano
A lofoscopista of Cali happened to the history as the man that this the death of &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; .
The work of these officials is key .
The last 4 of November a lofoscopista the CTI of Cali happened to the history as the man that this the identity the maximum head of the Farc : &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; , to through the cotejo of their fingerprinting digital .
In the seven lofoscopistas that laboran in the seccional the CTI , that week to tocaba the time of &apos; availability &apos; to Eliazar González , a man of Rico Tejada that has 21 years working in the area of research legal .
At an their career , González worked in municipalities the Chocó , where many sometimes had that internarse by more of five days in the jungle for to the website in the that were the bodies that be be at .
In the 2000 . found to the capital the Valle and , then of to the for appropriate , . especializó in lofoscopia , that is the study of the fur of fricción , is say , of the palmas of the hands and of the feet .
The week the operational against alias Alfonso Cano to Eliazar to warned that 22nd clothes minimum for three days .
Something large to than .
The Friday in the night went for the Cauca in a helicopter since Palmira .
Sabía that should identify two bodies and that . sospechaba that one of them was the man that Schuman to the guerrilla more former the world , by what that to ’ that 22nd the card decadactilar of psychologist de Sáenz ( their real name ) .
, however , when came with the team of research the website in the that . was the cadáver not what recognised by their aspect physical , therefore was very different the that had seen in the media of communication .
was without barba , clothing as a plead of the area , without glasses and a more slip .
But the fingerprinting not mienten .
Acompañado of a lupa galtoniana , ink , a transplantador and a linterna , Eliazar comparó the from fingerprints the cadáver with the of the card .
Their eye not to falló : was &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; .
That same night , the man oriundo of Rico Tejada was the The of confirmarle the minister of Defence , John seat Pinzón , that itself . was the maximum head of the Farc .
In search of the left
For a dactiloscopista of the Sijín of Cali the recognition that was the President John Manuel the to Eliazar González , in the wheel of press by the operational against &apos; Cano &apos; , is very significant .
Many people not known our work .
The dactiloscopia is a science accurate , without for of mistake , that can to to be key in the resolution of crimes .
Apart of the identification of bodies , the lofoscopistas support investigations by crimes as hurto and murder and Chicago the identity of the people capturadas .
When . aliens , many criminals have cédulas wishful or not have papers .
We them we the impression dactilar and the look in the basis of data .
The scientists counted that , in a case of hurto , to tocó validity a part of wall of a home , therefore in that place the do had supported their hand for from a box strong full of joyas and money .
&apos; The walls are difficult because not are land apropiadas for from a impression dactilar , but in that case we obtain the left of whole the hand and identify the criminal , that had participated in different hurtos &apos; , reminded .
The fingerprinting also can seeking or reaffirm suspected in cases of murder .
ago little found to a man died , with wise of licor to their around .
, a of the research . determinó that a family could be suspect the crime and , effectively , a left in the bottleneck coincidía .
Although this not an that has been the murderer , itself what ubica in the scene the crime .
A dactiloscopista the CTI he that in the items &apos; the fingerprinting . sacan with reactivos chemical or physical &apos; .
When officer , . used a transplantador or tape for levantarlas .
Then of this , the from are settlement to the Asif , that is the basis of data delincuencial , or to the Registraduría .
&apos; The problem is that still there many dead-end xenophobic &apos; , pressed the expert the CTI .
Aclaró that not all is as . shows in the programme of television CSI .
So as not all what that which is gold , not all what that . is . again left .
, however , if can be usada , if . for the cotejo dynamic .
The &apos; indignados &apos; defy to authorities in New York
Centenares of demonstrators . intimidatory to the place Zuccotti for acampar .
A great part atendió the order of desalojo and . found to a paruqe have .
The those the movement Ocupa Wall Street desafiaron this Tuesday to the authorities of New York the try of into of new , under the under of a order legal , to the place of Manhattan of where were desalojados of brave and the try of should another park of the Britain Manzana .
Centenares of demonstrators . intimidatory to the place Zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order legal that allows to the &apos; indignados &apos; again to acampar in the place , while that other part the movement replied the desalojo may a park more the north of the city , where has there new arrests .
&apos; Our idea is that , if the court not us allows again to acampar in the place , us we to on in some another place and continuaremos the battle legal by again to Zuccotti , so as to through of around and demonstrations peaceful &apos; , said one of the for the movement &apos; Ocupa Wall Street &apos; , Mark Bray .
Bray detalló that the answer of the &apos; indignados &apos; the desalojo of their camp dictated personally by the Mayor of New York , Michael Bloomberg , came to the courts , where the jueza Lucy Billings issued a order that prohibía the evacuation forzosa the place and did to the demonstrators to be acampados .
In , the &apos; indignados &apos; procedieron to the occupation of a new park has in the confluencia of the céntricas wave Street and the Sexta Avenida , very close of the entry the tunnel Holland , that unite New York and New Jersey , and property of the used of Trinity Church .
At least for a time praise should the place , but after the Police turned and 17,900 to stop to some of the demonstrators , but Bray not could confirm the figure concrete , while was to Efe that was to several journalists that were also esposados .
The organisation are that are several hundreds of people the that . had installed in that point , where already . has desplazado a delegation of leaders religious in shows of support to the those the movement and that has treaty of mediar with the Police .
Among therefore , the place Zuccotti - is a recinto of property privada- still closed to the expected of the since of a view legal measures for this same Tuesday in the that . must analyse the legality of the evacuation of this brave .
Some of the demonstrators IDPs to there portaban and repartían to these hours millions of that order legal and even the entregaban to the players that custodiaban the place , what that resulted &apos; some small clashes &apos; , pressed Bray , who deplored that some official propinaron old-fashioned to the demonstrators .
The order legal prohibe to the authorities desalojar to the Member of Ocupa Wall Street or apply &apos; laws that . publicaron after of that mismanage the occupation or ban to the demonstrators access of new the park with shops or other properties that using previously &apos; .
The Mayor Bloomberg pressed to the press that , because to that order legal , the city had suspended the reapertura the space the public and to the demonstrators , to the that alerted , without however , that the laws local not them it their to on with shops of campaign and sacks of eye .
The regidor campaigned personally the desalojo taken to out of brave of the place Zuccotti , a operation in the that . 17,900 to around of 200 arrests and that . decided because the demonstrators were &apos; violations the law &apos; .
Bloomberg he that was the order of evacuar the place because this . was becoming &apos; in a place in the that the people not venÍan to protest , but to all the laws and , in some cases , to to damage to other people &apos; , already that &apos; some business habÍan received threats &apos; and the neighbours temÍan &apos; by their quality of life &apos; .
&apos; The desalojo of this brave was asqueroso and shows that in the fund Bloomberg is more interested in preserving the interests financial that the of the workers Americans &apos; , added the spokesman the movement , who was the Mayor of &apos; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &apos; .
The responsible of &apos; Ocupa Wall Street &apos; indicaron also that think organise &apos; large actions &apos; for the Thursday in cooperation with organisations Community and unions , for commemorate the two months that removal the protests , that started the 17 of September .
Pamela Anderson will the an María in a special navideño of television
Together to Michael Bublé and other leading Canadians , aparecerá in the programme of television &apos; It &apos; &apos;s to Russell Peters Christmas &apos; the next 1 of December
The Canadian Pamela Anderson has been the assistant of Tim Allen in &apos; Home Improvement &apos; , socorrista in &apos; Baywatch &apos; , conejita of &apos; Playboy &apos; , the wife the musician of rock Tommy &quot; and now , the actress and model will the an María in a special of Christmas of the television Canadian .
The channel private of television CTV announced today that Anderson , with with the &apos; crooner &apos; ( baladista ) Michael Bublé and other leading Canadians , aparecerá in the programme of television &apos; It &apos; &apos;s to Russell Peters Christmas &apos; the next 1 of December giving life to a very particular an María .
CTV distribuyó today images the programme of television in the that Anderson , also known by the wider distribution in Internet of a video casero pornographic in the that is with with their then bearing , the battery of &apos; Mötley Crüe &apos; , Tommy &quot; , is vestida as the an María quo in a pesebre a muñeco that represents to Jesus .
In the scene , Peters , a known cómico Canadian of origin Indian that recently actuó as presentador in part of the revolves &apos; My Violent Torpedo of Truth &apos; of Charlie Sheen , is as José .
In of Anderson and Peters , the special navideño of CTV account with the as Canadian Bublé , that to end of March . married in Buenos Buenos with the model Kirchner Luisana Lopilato , and that not is strange to the controversy .
Recently , Bublé phoned &apos; zorra &apos; to the US financed Kardashian for one of their concerts in New York .
Japan renace after the earthquake
The GDP overall a 1.5 % thanks the consumption helping and being end to the spiral of caídas that set in March
Since the last month of March the economy macroeconomic . was paralysed , still convaleciente by the devastating earthquake that devino in a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster that padeció the country nipón since the II War World .
The first estimates the Government of Tokio cifraron the losses materials in 300 million of dollars , a coup that , despite the difficult context world , seems have atenuado .
After of three quarters consecutivos of caídas , the fact the Producto Interior Bruto between July and September was for to Indeed , definitively : the GDP . incrementó a 1.5 % in compared with the quarter previous and a 6 % in rate anualizada .
The reported in the Secondly quarter - for the Japanese , the year tax beginning in March of 2012 - is , also , the greater pace of growth since the period of January to March of 2010 .
The recovery . explains , in part , by the repunte of the buying of machinery for restored the areas asoladas by the seísmo and the the tsunami .
In fact , the companies by their investments in a 1.1 % , with the declining the 0,9 % in expenses of capital that . observed of January to March , the first been after of six months of startling ininterrumpidas .
, however , the real revulsivo of the economy macroeconomic not . on exclusively in the momentum - that taught to take the crisis for strengthen - or rebuild - the infrastructure , servirse of the shortcomings for grow since zero .
Japan has reawakened , on all , thanks to the development the consumption helping , that in the currently represents the 60 % the GDP japonés .
This one escaló a 1 % , empujada by the increase the expenditure in vehicles , travel and activities of leisure .
The stigma the yen
Tokio . has encomendado the market internal , when the yen - the currency nipona - . has become in one of the &apos; values refuge &apos; escogidos by the investors that fleeing of the crisis of debt in the area euro and the top-class forecasts of US , a privileged that is as a losa in the accounts of the companies exportadoras .
With a motto more strong , the products are more expensive in the abroad , a seriously reverse for a country whose line of flotación economic next certain by the health of the large groups technological .
antisocial or Sony , by example , achacaron their weak results between July and September to the prices the yen .
While the markets are with their asedio to the countries troubled of the EU , the Government of Yoshihiko Noda not low the on-call .
&apos; There that be to to the risks that massive , as the deterioration of some economies foreign , the impact of the floods of Thailand and the fast opinion the yen &apos; , pointed yesterday the secretary of State of Policy economic , Motohisa Furukawa .
And , in effect , the prospects not are encouraging .
The Organisation for the Cooperation and the Development Economic ( OECD ) precisó that the majority of the countries Member tabled in September signs more nítidos of squarely economic .
The indicator that anticipa the points of turning in the economy world it of highlighted that the main powers . are frenando .
already that bowed four décimas to the 100,4 points , with to the 100,8 of August .
The area euro , even , . situó by below of the average , that . is in the level 100 , the precipitarse eight décimas to the 99,13 points .
Athens again to which the doubt
Papadimos says that . aprobarán the adjustments , but the Conservatives not firmarán no compromise writing
With the premiums of risk peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the parqués , Greece still enredando in the laberinto that leads towards the an of the great crisis of debt European .
The that of that the &apos; consensus &apos; the new Government of transition heleno next more tax by the demands of Brussels that by a right-of-centre convincing of the forces policies beginning to permanently with facts .
While the new first minister , Lukas Papadimos , advertía yesterday that not there alternative for the reforms structural and that the period of hundred days agreed in their designation perhaps . it short for implement , the leader the party Conservative New Democracy , Antonis Samaras , aseguraba that not respaldará new measures of austerity in no case and reiteró their demand of new elections for the date measures , the 19 of February .
&apos; The main task of this Government is apply the decisions of the summit the 26 of October &apos; , aseveró Papadimos the open yesterday a debate parliamentary that at morning with a vote of confidence the new Executive .
A package with 24 programmes for promote the employment , the reform the code refunded of the officials and new measures against the evasion tax will the first initiatives .
, however , the message of Samaras not despeja the doubt on their position : &apos; We we committed to help the Government of transition , but not us we committed to nothing more &apos; .
The leader Conservative was a pasito more far in their pulso to the EU and the IMF , the bodies that must desbloquear the 8.000 million that Athens needs with urgent , and with clear that not will their seen good to no letter of compromise of get of the adjustments .
But the Commission European , escocida still by the impact caused by the órdago the referendum of Papandreu , reiteró yesterday that their demand is firm : not desbloqueará the aid if the new Government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman &apos; a compromise writing without ambiguity and what before possible &apos; .
The spokesman of Affairs - , Amadeu Altafaj , he that the inspectors of the troika regresarán &apos; very soon &apos; to Athens for be with the new Government &apos; what that . needs for pay the sixth by &apos; of 8.000 million , but not there date final .
The madeja Greek still has balance for pink .
Doña Sofia : &apos; are instruments for the progress and the hope &apos;
The Reina least the place &apos; preponderante &apos; of Spain in relationship to this kind of finance
Spain &apos; has reached a place preponderante to level world in the role of the Microfinanzas &apos; .
The Reina Doña Sofia reminded yesterday that the country . has become in these two last decades in the Secondly donor the begs in relationship to this intrumento of cooperation , whose &apos; essence &apos; pointed that assurance in be a &apos; instrument for the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future better for whole the humanity , based in the confidence in the be human &apos; .
The Reina kind yesterday the Greens Summit World the Microcrédito in Valladolid with the convincing of that &apos; not there doubt &apos; of that is kind of operations are &apos; absolutely viable &apos; for achieve the Millennium the Millennium schedules by Nations UN with horizon 2015 , and , &apos; very especially , in started that has as target the reduction to the half the volume of people that live with income lower to a dolar on , with in the that . set the &apos; threshold of poverty &apos; .
Spain &apos; still working &apos; for The the network of beneficiaries &apos; to all the corners the planet , and moderating this task with &apos; responsibility &apos; , pointed Doña Sofia , that there that the initiatives and contributions that . originen in the Summit , that . prolongará to the Thursday , &apos; ashamed the creation of new capacities and best opportunities for the more poor , and on all for the women &apos; , main charity of these loans .
are &apos; many the achievements infrastructural &apos; and &apos; many the challenges to the that us faced &apos; .
The Summit the Microcrédito . begs not only as a forum of debate , but also as the platform since the that promote &apos; two metas in &apos; .
So , Their Majestad he that . is to that to end of 2015 are 175 the million of families poor that have accedido to these services financial and that hundred million of these who out the threshold of poverty in the that are ragamuffin .
The momentum in the view of the microcréditos in Spain and in the rest the world &apos; has followed the schedule must ago years of way Europe &apos; by Muhammad Yunus , resalto Doña Sofia as a &apos; act of justice and recognition because &apos; .
And is that described the father of this tool as a &apos; wretchedly admirable in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty &apos; , whose work known since ago 15 years , when the Reina was to Bangladesh for know on the ground their policy of loans .
. this experience to trialogues a year more later the first Summit World in Washington and other events as the celebrados in Côte of Côte in 1999 , Canada 2006 , and &apos; in all I been area the continual development &apos; , he Their Majestad , whose link with this project to sway yesterday the calificativo of the &apos; head of family &apos; congregada in Valladolid by part the &apos; baquero of the poor &apos; .
Finally , the Reina Doña Sofia brought their intervention animando to the present to participate in the debate and in the search of solutions for move in the fight against the poverty .
&apos; Imperativo sexually-transmitted &apos;
The Minister of Affairs Foreign , Trinidad Jiménez , warned that the solidarity &apos; is a imperativo sexually-transmitted &apos; for all state democratic .
In this sense , an that would a mistake link the cooperation with paises in to of development to épocas of bonanza economic , already that is a &apos; duty permanent &apos; .
Jiménez was that the microcréditos excessive &apos; a policy serious and thorough dedicada to eradicate the poverty &apos; , and now &apos; more that never &apos; the governments of countries developed must work under criteria of solidarity and not to that this be victim of the cuts .
For Spain , the regrettable is in &apos; a of the main lines of cooperation the development &apos; .
, their part , the addressed of State of Cooperation International , Soraya Rodríguez , aplaudió &apos; the success &apos; of give &apos; confidence &apos; to the people &apos; recruits to who all close the doors &apos; ; and the Mayor of Valladolid , Franz Javier de of the Riva , was the welcome to the present to a city that &apos; opens their doors contagiada the spirit am &apos; .
The badge proposes choose the President European by suffrage universal
The first day the conference of the Union Cristiano-demócrata ( badge ) , the Monday 14 of November , in thumbs , has so without large difficulties for withdraw withdraw , Chancellor and President the party cristiano-demócrata .
Initially not . had including in the order the day the future of Europe , but the issue . imposed in autumn , in particular for satisfy to the fighters that they that the policy the Government is currently too little strict with the Greeks and could become in a future with the Italian .
The motion on the Presidency of the Commission European , proposal by the direction , . adopted virtually by unanimity .
In the 1.001 naturally , so only . deserve nine votes in against and ten abstenciones .
The standing ovation of several minutes that . ganaron , with their speeches , withdraw withdraw and , after several hours , Wolfgang Schäuble , the eurófilo Minister of mint , despejan any doubt possible .
The idea key of the Chancellor , and of the motion , . short in a slogan : the answer to the crisis &apos; not is least Europe , but more Europe &apos; .
not only because Europe is the peace , but also because &apos; nine million of jobs on directly the euro &apos; .
For the Chancellor , &apos; has come the time of open way in Europe &apos; .
This could votes in amendments the Treaty of Lisbon for allow strengthen the control of the Union European on the policies budgetary of the countries of the area the euro , but also could desembocar in the election the President of the Commission European by suffrage universal for &apos; you a face to Europe &apos; .
In all case , that is a of the proposals of the motion adopted by the Congress , clearly idea of Wolfgang Schäuble .
, doubt , is little likely that the 27 shall quickly to a agreement on this change radical : Britain Britain . shows hostile to he and the leaders of the badge seem know that Nicolas Sarkozy also .
But the accept is on the ground .
, another hand , the naturally have rejected by a majority won the proposal of ponderar the weight of each country of the directive the Bank Central European in role the weight of each economy , what which obviously reforzaría the weight of Germany .
Ansiosa by calmar the encouraged in the internal of their party , the Chancellor has increased the no to Konrad Adenauer and Helmut Kohl . But not is that has tried who to their conference to at of the &apos; small &apos; countries European or of the countries in difficulties prepared to criticise to the byword Germany .
Although the motion on Europe he a paragraph to the importance of &apos; the friendship franco-alemana &apos; , withdraw withdraw not has mentado to France .
Salvo of last .
Thinking that , ago two centuries , . in a bloody battle in thumbs .
In fact , was a of the derrotas more humiliating for the army of Rostopchine .
The impact the fraud in the in by disease
After the benefits , the UMP and the Government emprenden a for against the in by disease .
Nicolas Sarkozy will the Tuesday 15 of November in Bordeaux for visit a box responsible of the benefits family and use a speech on the issue , already recurrent since 2007 , of the fight against the fraud social and the ayudantía .
In , for - such for , that part of the will of save of way thorough , but still so reminds to a &apos;s of the campaign presidential of right , the majority to Firstly in the in by disease .
In first place , for apply cuts budgetary : the Government for impose to the workers the sector private a quarter day of we before of power take the low .
In final , unless that there a convention of company specific , a worker that caiga ill perdería four days of wage , is say , a minimum the 15 % of their income month .
It is of a measure that could on a wave of ira , but that would save 280 million of EUR , according them Echos .
In , would accompanied of other measure with a reach more symbolic : impose to the officials a day of we without remains in case of low labour ( to the time , not have we , with to the three days that . apply in the sector private ) .
While . debaten these issues , the majority again to to on the table also the issue the fraud , this time looking towards the abuses of the in labour .
&apos; Van to incrementarse significantly the controls and , also , if . which to someone planned a fraud , must reembolsar the cuantías &apos; , warned Xavier Bertrand about in the RTL the Sunday 13 of November .
At as that in the other cases , the effects the announcement seem slightly desproporcionados for the reality the fraud in on of in labour .
In fact , since 2002 . for a monitoring constant of this question and . have it various offensive policies that , normally , have given emerged .
The French not enferman more that in the rest of Europe .
handed with attention , in first place , the figures national .
According the Institute French of the security social ( CNAM ) , in 2006 . abonaron more of 237 million of EUR in particular by in labour .
According the Institute French of research and In in economy of the health , the benefits by the in representaron , in 2008 , the 5 % the expenditure health , ascendiendo to 11.300 million of EUR .
In this sum , the 46 % is to the in by leave and by accidents labour , while that the 54 % is related with the in by disease , figure that out to 6.200 million of EUR .
, therefore , the 2.5 % the expenditure in health .
In 2010 , the French have cogido a average of 14,5 days of low labour , with to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study the group Alma Consulting .
A average that , without doubt , behind government : other survey , published in 2007 by the Syrian of management professional Monster.com , mostraba that the 75 % of the 40.000 workers French encuestados rushing that not had cogido or a only day of low by disease .
Another study , in this case of the Assurance maladie , points that in 2010 the 37 % of the in by disease had a long-term from to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more extended .
If the compared with our neighbours European , the workers French not are more propensos that in other areas to take in by disease .
A long study done in 2010 by two researchers the CNRS planning that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of lack global the work ( therefore by reasons of health as of another kind ) oscilaba , in France , between the 10 % and the 11 % , with to a 20 % and a 28 % in Denmark , a 15 % in UK UK or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the Netherlands Netherlands .
The fraud in the in by disease not is especially significant in compared with the work not declared .
The fraud has a reach quite limited .
The forward of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused that the controls of the in by disease of more of 45 days are sistemáticos .
In 2008 , of 1.5 million of inspections , the CNAM comprobó , in a 13 % of the 285.000 by , that the in of shorter long-term were &apos; gaps or too long &apos; , is say , 37.050 cases .
In the case of the in of more of 45 days , untreated to inspections sistemáticas , . was that the 11 % of the cases were &apos; rightly adaptados or injustificados ; a figure that , taking as starting a total of 1.2 million , out to 132.000 .
, therefore , . high a total of 169.000 cases &apos; injustificados &apos; between several million of workers that cogieron a low by disease .
, doubt , a figure minor in compared , by example , with the work in black .
According the Member of the UMP Dominique Tian , author of a report on this question in June , this practice will a losses of income tax of between 9.000 and 15 million of EUR the year , is say , more that the cost total of the benefits by in and , without doubt , significantly more that the fraud in this last area .
Papadémos : Greece must apply a new plan of adjustment
Greece is to laws a new plan of adjustment for getting their economy .
This is what that declared the Monday 14 of November , the Prime Minister White Papadémos to the Parliament ; added also that the hundred days that . have granted to their Government of union not bastarían for achieve such aim .
&apos; For to efforts that about to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our partners European and a new programme of adjustment budgetary &apos; , declared the head the Government , that pronunciaba their first speech public for the opening the debate on the vote of confidence the Parliament the Wednesday .
The execution of the decisions taken for the Summit of the area the euro the 27 of October will the &apos; main task &apos; the new government , since that &apos; is in at &apos; the permanencia the country in the area the euro , added .
In result , Papadémos has to that the deficit public the country . will &apos; to around the 9 % &apos; the GDP before of end of year , after achieve a 10,6 % in 2010 and a 15,7 % in 2009 .
The right this new measures of austerity
Antonis Samaras , the head the group of right , was the Monday their support to the measures already regulatory for try out of the crisis of the debt , but has came that their party not . comprometerá with measures of austerity additional .
&apos; not vote in favour of new measures &apos; , said for a meeting with the Members of their party &apos; New Democracy &apos; .
Señaló that was of agreement with the objectives of reduction the deficit and of the debt , so as of fight against the funded , but in against of any policy that fanaticism the recovery economic .
. Olli Rehn , Commissioner European of Affairs - and Monetarios , that warned of that the IMF and the EU not desbloquearían the also of 8.000 million of EUR necessary without a guarantee written the support of all the parties to the measures will , for Samaras has would that their word would enough and that not firmaría nothing to cause of the pressure external .
A committee of experts says that must legalizarse the euthanasia and the suicide attended
The Canadians live denied the death , according points the report of the society Royal of Canada
In on of care palliative , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the medical colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
The society Canadian lives denied the death .
In fact , so only 9 % of the Canadians is prepared to about with their doctor on the conditions in that want die and take provisions to such effect .
It is of a of the conclusions of a achievement report of the society Royal of Canada , that counted with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the sexually-transmitted , the legal and the doctor .
This committee should the Government that are the Licence criminal of way that . enable the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient . begs this option and has been who responsible for take the decision .
For start , the experts citan a survey recent of the Economist chief Unit that comparó the quality of the death in 40 countries the world .
Although Canada as the tenth since , the study out that &apos; the medicalización of the death in Canada has led a culture in the that the people have fear of try the issue of the death &apos; .
With medication or not , the 77 % of the Canadians not have access to care palliative , according show the experts earmarked by the society Royal of Canada .
And , to despite of that the majority of the Canadians to die in home , the 68,6 % of them has falleciendo in the hospital .
In whole , the rate more high in this sense the with Québec , where a 1000 % of the deaths . is in the hospital .
In what concerning the delicate issue of the euthanasia and the suicide attended , the authors the report came to a conclusions that not line with the position the Government federal , that already has declared that not to you the Licence criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
, however , according the experts , that also have studied the situation in all the countries where these practices have been legalizadas or not are a crime criminal , not there no test of that the fact of that not are considered a crime criminal not has caused a abuse of their implementation , is say , the use of the euthanasia or the suicide attended with people not competent or that not would given their consent .
Jocelyn Downie , coautora the report , tenders yesterday by teleconferencia that , the contrary , . observaban more tripping in those countries where not . have legalised the euthanasia or the suicide attended .
&apos; In Canada . we the euthanasia , but is clearly illegal &apos; .
&apos; In Canada . we the suicide attended , but is clearly illegal &apos; , explains Jocelyn Downie .
The Canadians , favourable to the euthanasia
us that the 85 % of the Canadians already . have also to favour of the euthanasia , since that opinion that would to the people whose death is next alleviate their suffering , according points a survey of Angus Reid so in 2010 .
In , the 66 % believes that the fact of Metock the euthanasia not will to understand that the life of the people elderly or with has least value .
In As to the people that have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 % of the encuestados view that not should It a process against them .
In relationship with the it or with of the assistance health to a patient , the situation not is so clear , according show the authors the report .
In , between their recommendations suggest that . footprint in the Licence criminal that the withdrawal of the care health , if . have rejected legally , not is a crime criminal .
The committee of experts calls also that . forme to the professionals health in the duty of respect the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance the end of their life without fear to face to a concession .
In on of care palliative , the committee researched that the governments , the institutions of assistance health and the medical colaboren for ensure the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer .
, last , in relationship with the sedating palliative or terminal , that already . used extensamente in the institutions health of Canada , the committee calls that , unless that as for reduce the pain physical , . will as euthanasia and . able to the ourselves procedures .
Other experts manifiestan reserves
Other experts the area the law of health already have said their reserves in relationship with the conclusions the report of the experts of the society Royal of Canada .
Pierre Deschamps , specialist in law of the health , has described of &apos; extreme &apos; the position of the experts that firman the report , between other things because not . limited the practice of the euthanasia to the people in stage terminal .
&apos; This is the door open to a situation in the that someone that is cansado of live and have more of 18 years can to aid for lives &apos; , out Deschamps , that consultó yesterday a short the report .
The Mr Deschamps least also that the authors the report seem give priority to the autonomy personal on any another value of the society .
now well , adds that &apos; in society , there labels and constraints &apos; .
The specialist in law of the health Margaret Somerville also expressed their &apos; strong opposition &apos; with regard to the conclusions the report , that as of &apos; with to favour of the euthanasia &apos; .
Margaret Somerville , that also belongs to the society Royal of Canada , being in separatist of trial especially the lack of abuse in certain countries where the euthanasia and the suicide attended are legal , as in the Netherlands Netherlands and in Oregón .
The King of Jordan encouraged the President The Asad to leave the power
Damascus concession a &apos; plot &apos;
Syria is each time more standing
The partisanos of Bachar The Asad . signals yesterday to the building the Ministry of Affairs Foreign .
Yesterday . Ombudsmen the pressure diplomatic on the Syria of Bachar The Asad that , with the support of Russia , the resiste and concession that there a &apos; plot &apos; against the country .
Two days after of the from of Syria by part of the League Árabe , the Union European has reinforced the sanctions against Damascus , while that Turkey and Jordan , vecinas of Syria , . have said to favour the abandoning the power by the President Asad .
The King Crown II of Jordan was yesterday the first leader Arab that asked the President Bachar The Asad that &apos; abandon the power &apos; in Syria , where already have died a cuarentena of civilians and of Member of the forces the regime .
&apos; If Bachar really . concerned by their country , should resign , also of create the conditions necessary for a new stage of the life policy his &apos; , said the King of Jordan , country neighbour of Syria , in a interview for the BBC .
, their part , the head of the diplomacy Turkish , Ahmet Davutoglu , has him that the efforts of mediation that has being Turkey since beginning of year with the regime Syrian have over in a failure .
&apos; Those not are in peace in the East Middle with their peoples and not they satisfacerles , partirán &apos; , declared excuses to Syria , country neighbour with regard the which Turkey is introducing a position each time more hard .
, their part , after the decisions of the League Árabe and of the Union European , the States United have The that . has &apos; reinforced the consensus against Asad and the actions the regime &apos; Syrian .
&apos; The community international , the States United , the EU , the League Árabe and other countries , as Turkey , are introducing a tone each time more hard &apos; with regard to the repression in Syria , out Mark Toner , spokesman the Department of State .
While therefore , already have lost the life 16 civilians and the least 19 Member of the forces the regime in the region of Deraa , in the southern of Syria , according has announced the Centre Syrian of the rights human ( OSDH ) .
Other two civilians have died &apos; for destructive and tiroteos with machine heavy-calibre in Jobar &apos; in the city asediada of Homs , according points this NGOs .
During a wheel of press , the Minister Syrian of Affairs Foreign , Walid At Mualem , as by their part that the country &apos; is towards the end of the crisis &apos; .
In , has reacted strongly to the decision of the League Árabe of decision to damasco of their duties , what which in their opinion is &apos; a step dangerous &apos; .
Syria &apos; not flaqueará &apos; , added , thus that &apos; the complots tramados against Syria fracasarán &apos; .
After the decision of decision to Syria , currently the League Árabe investigated a &apos; mechanism of protection of civilians &apos; and to send to 500 Member of organisations Arab of rights human , of the media and observers military the country .
The Minister French of Affairs Foreign , Alain Juppé , also has said their support the maximum of observers of the UN for make to protect to the civilians with to the repression the regime that , in their opinion , . within in the &apos; paranoia &apos; .
is to that . place a new meeting extraordinary of the League morning in Rabat for to to point the implementation the plan of an of the crisis adopted the 2 of November that for , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities that are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators detained .
The Minister Russian of Affairs Foreign , Serguei Lavrov , has who yesterday as &apos; wrong &apos; the decision of the League Árabe , while that China instaba to Syria to apply the plan of an of the crisis , but not manifestaba their support to the implementation of possible sanctions against Damascus .
Italy
Monti calls time to the markets and incompatible to the Italian
The future head the Government Italian , Mauro Monti , has asked something of time to the markets for be their team and to in into a programme that include &apos; incompatible &apos; for to to the credibility delayed for the last months the Government of illiberal .
The former Commissioner European Parliament yesterday with the parties political and today . met with the unions and the patronal .
should be a gabinete relatively restricted , up by technocrats integrated the Parliament .
&apos; Monti has about of a broader programme with many incompatible &apos; , said Francesco Nucara , Member of one of the rewards small groups Members that took in the events , after have met with the President the Council he .
, their part , the President of the House of Chamber , Gianfranco Fini , has highly that expected that Mauro Monti solicite before the Friday a vote of confidence the Parliament for ensure that the new Government he of enough support .
The consultations standardise with the presentation , by part the Mr Monti , of a list limited , without doubt of a dozen of Ministers , the head of State , establishing Napolitano .
Monti has speakers the nerviosismo of the markets bursátiles and of the obligacionistas yesterday , confine time .
In the &apos; democracy , there a deadlines precise &apos; for be a Government and preparation their programme , skills , añadiendo that is &apos; sure of that the markets will paciencia and what entenderán &apos; .
Their designation by the President p.m. successful the We of the markets , but after . imposed the concern , in particular after a fall imprevista of the production industrial in the area the euro in September .
The Prime Minister he should create a team mainly have by technocrats , even if has &apos; that to like include to &apos; political &apos; .
The new Government must work to 2013 , date of the next legislative , as .
According the President of the House of Chamber , Gianfranco Fini , the new Government - the vote of confidence the Parliament before the Friday .
Monti . has committed to that , when take the office , trabajará taking in account the urgent and with the aim of that Italy &apos; ’ their fading &apos; in Europe .
A spokesman the Commissioner European Olli Rehn has &apos; that &apos; even with a new Government , not variará our diagnosis of the economy Italian &apos; .
The EU , convinced of that Rome not reach their aim of to a balance budgetary in 2013 to despite of the plans of austerity adopted for the last months , has asked the adoption of new measures of rigour .
The &apos; visitors of the Heads &apos; Italian Emma Marcegaglia , that to be the mates , discussed also in the need of promote the economy , &apos; since that a country that not overall not can respect the requirements in on of deficit &apos; .
Monti , famous by their competition and their independence as Commissioner European ( 1994-2004 ) , is a &apos; change of time &apos; for Italy after 17 years of &apos; berlusconismo &apos; ; the &apos; a &apos; symbolises &apos; the challenge of the seriously &apos; and &apos; other Italy &apos; , according expensive the editorialistas .
The great incógnita will the longevity of their team .
The President Napolitano to avoid a elections conduct , since that Italy has that on before of April of 2012 a 200 million of EUR in obligations of State .
A scientific Russian has colaborado with the programme nuclear as
A scientific Russian , Vycheslav Danilenko , has colaborado with Iran in the development of a detonador that . can use with a weapon nuclear , according said the Monday a NGOs American specialised in the risk arms .
For the identification the scientists , the Institute of science and Security International ( ISIS ) . on in a report recent of the Agency International of the Energy Atomic ( AIEA ) and in other documents issued by this agency of the UN .
The AIEA manifestaba the week last their &apos; serious concern &apos; by a &apos; possible dimension military &apos; the programme nuclear as .
According the ISIS , desire extensamente in documents of the AIEA , Danilenko , born in 1934 , would worked for three decades , since the years 1960 , in a centre nuclear military Soviet in Tcheliabinsk ( Oural ) and would participated in the manufacture of Water pale by explosion .
In 1989 or 1991 , would abandoned the centre for be a company at in the production of &apos; coating &apos; in are .
The problems economic of their company to would taken to only in contact , in 1995 , with the on of Iran in Ukraine .
After , . believes that cooperó with the programme as between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to Russia .
In their last report , the AIEA mention that there &apos; clear signs of that Iran is developing &apos; a system of detonación nuclear &apos; with the aid of a expert abroad , that not only was well the technical , but that also , according has informed a State Member to the Agency , worked for the greater part of their career in this technology in the programme nuclear military of their country of origin &apos; .
The crimes and crimes against Muslims have increased a 50 %
The crimes and crimes against the Muslims have increased close of a 50 % between 2009 and 2010 , while that , in the same period , the other types of violence racial and religious have has or increased only slightly , according show the statistics Recent by the FBI the Monday .
According these figures , the number total of acts of violence committed against Muslims has last of 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is say , has increased in a 49 % , with to a takes the 13 % in the case of the acts of violence against the católicos , a reduction the 4 % in the crimes against Jews and a increase global the 14 % in the number of crimes and crimes antirreligiosos .
The number total of &apos; crimes of hatred &apos; has grown slightly to the 6.628 cases , of the which a 47,3 % . must to differences lay and a 20 % to differences religious , according points the FBI .
&apos; After a decline in 2009 , is worrying that have again to increase this kind of crimes and crimes &apos; , skills the organisation of defence of the rights human Human Human instigation , &apos; the increase of the acts of violence against Muslims is especially significant &apos; , added the organisation in a release .
&apos; Human Human instigation has a time by that the violence against the Muslims , so as all the types of crimes of hatred , should be a serious violation of the rights human &apos; , adds a responsible of the organisation , Paul Legendre .
&apos; The Government US can and must esforzarse by to end to these abuses &apos; , adds , considering that these efforts could include a improvement of the reports of the police on the &apos; crimes of hatred &apos; .
The &apos; crime of hatred &apos; in the law federal US . heredó of the time of the fight by the rights civilians .
This legislation . adopted after the death of Martin Luther King for punish the acts of violence with to the race , the colour of the fur , the religion , the origin and , now , the gradient sexual .
Twitter time their platform and . seems more to Facebook
The website of microblogging Twitter setting the Monday the presentation of their platform for allow to their users , in particular , it the activity of the people to the that are , what which from that their service . some a little more the of Facebook .
A new pestaña &apos; activity &apos; and other so-called &apos; name &apos; it to more legiblemente and in direct the activity of other &apos; Twittos &apos; , is say , of those internautas whose messages ( &apos; tweets &apos; ) still in Internet or that to are to you .
This allows know if are monitoring to messages , if . abonan to accounts new , if as of odds-on some message , etc
This new formula of Twitter . probó &apos; with a small percentage of users in August &apos; before of difundirla the rest of the network the Monday , according has signalled to the AFP the spokesman of Twitter , Carolyn Penner .
Twitter , that was known by their functioning little instintivo , with terms slightly esotéricos ( RT for reenviar a message of other person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur ) faisant to bonheur des initiés , &apos;s &apos; ouvre ainsi to a public plus large avec a maniement plus comparable to celui des réseaux grand public Facebook pourquoi Google R .
In the network , the users have debated to coup of &apos; tweets &apos; with different views the interest of this innovation .
&apos; is pointless , is invasiva and . seems too to Facebook &apos; , it ries jemb123 .
&apos; The role Actividad I is to help to to better some elements of my flow Twitter &apos; , it ries dannykronstrom .
Austria
Introduction of a &apos; rule of gold &apos; budgetary in the Constitution
The Government of great coalition Democrat / democratacristiano that is in the power in Austria has decided the Tuesday include in the Constitution a &apos; rule of gold &apos; budgetary for reduce the deficit public and , so , avoid a possible exacerbate of the note sovereign of Austria by part of the agencies of rating rating ( three . ) .
was the own Chancellor Democrat , Werner Faymann , who announced this decision after a Council of Ministers , when the debt public Austrian high the 74,6 % , a figure very higher the limit maximum the 60 % at by the Treaty of Maastricht , but clearly from to the debts of countries as Italy , Greece or Spain .
&apos; If . redujese the solvency of Austria in a only level , of AAA to AA R , we that pay 1000 million of EUR more in interests each year &apos; , pointed the Vicecanciller democratacristiano of Affairs Foreign , Michael Spindelegger .
Austria react so to a request of the Summit of Brussels to the countries Member of the area the euro the last 26 of October : in it , the Heads of State and of Government ’ the inclusion , before of end of 2012 , of the reduction the deficit public and of the recovery the balance of the accounts public in the Constitution or in a Act with value equivalent .
The has adopted by the Government austriaco . aproxima the &apos; model German &apos; , since that Germany was the first country European that adopted that kind of &apos; rule &apos; .
Before of 2017 , the deficit public structural should decrease each year in a 0,75 % the product internal gross ( GDP ) and , to from the 2017 , the deficit public structural the State federal not should overcome each year the 0,35 % the GDP , while that the States regional , so as the comunas , should to budgets equilibrados .
The aim is in that , towards 2020 / 2021 , the debt public . radical under the criterion the 60 % at by the Treaty of Maastricht .
A yen strong
Noda threat with a new intervention the market of change
The Prime Minister japonés , Yoshihiko Noda , warned the Tuesday of that the authorities niponas intervendrían has the there the change if the yen was increasing .
&apos; Intervendremos , such as what did the last time , if comprobamos that . is a volatility excessive &apos; in the kind of change the yen , he Noda the Senate .
The Tuesday , the yen was to achieve a levels next to the were historical that being the intervention of the authorities japonesas the 31 of October .
who day , Tokio miscalculations masivamente yenes by dollars for down the value of the motto nipona , that had of achieve a new record since 1945 in compared with the currency US .
But the yen has gone remontando promised since then , perceptive by the purchases of investors that what they a &apos; value refuge &apos; in these times inciertos of squarely economic world and of crisis of debt in Europe .
The dollar to again to cotizarse the Tuesday to least of 77 yenes and the euro has fallen by below of the barra as of 105 yenes , alcanzando a levels next to the that wave the last intervention .
Before of the crisis financial of 2008-2009 , the dollar . cotizaba to around of 120 yenes and the euro to more of 160 yenes .
This explosion of the motto nipona also to the exports the archipiélago , since that encarece the products Made in also and reduces the value of the income gulf in the abroad by the companies japonesas when the become to the currency national .
&apos; Japan is fighting by reconstruirse &apos; after the seísmo and the tsunami the 11 of March , that devastaron the region of Tohoku ( north-east ) , skills Noda , that afraid that the encarecimiento the yen on of result the weak recovery .
The third power economic world has regained the growth in the third quarter ( a 1.5 % in relationship with the quarter previous ) , by first time in a year , thanks to a increase of the exports and the consumption of the who affected by the disaster .
But the Prime Minister as that the high level the yen not reflejaba the &apos; foundation economic of Japan &apos; .
The Minister of mint , Jun Azumi , has asked the Bank of Japan ( BoJ ) , that kind the Tuesday a meeting of two days of their Council of policy monetary , that take all the measures possible for debilitar the yen .
, however , the Governor Deputy of the institution , Hirohide Yamaguchi , warned of that the BoJ already had taken &apos; the measures right &apos; , giving to understand that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary the Wednesday .
During their last meeting to end of October , the institute of emission increased in five billion of yenes ( 47.000 million of EUR ) their purchases of Letras the treasury , As to the 55 billion of yenes ( 519.000 million of EUR ) the threshold of the funds that he to the not of various titles financial for inundar the market of liquidity .
Zona the euro :
the types crecen , the regulator flaquean
The risk of infection of the crisis of the debt still perjudicando to the We European .
. despite the Members of new Heads of Government in Greece and Italy , so as of a best figures of growth in France and Germany , the types of the countries more debilitados are increasing .
still worried by the stability of the stability of the area the euro , the regulator European . rooted a little more in the area negative the Tuesday 15 of November .
In Paris , to the 10 hours , the CAC 40 lose a 1.4 % and . is to 3.064 points .
The Dax lose in Frankfurt a 0.4 % and in London a 0,1 % .
&apos; mind in account the new tensions in relationship with the practising of the loans of the States of the area the euro more affected , the markets bursátiles of all the world are sorry part of their recent earnings &apos; .
&apos; The investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware the risk of infection &apos; , explains Terry Pratt , corridor institutional in IG Markets , lifting by the agency Al .
The Exchange of Tokio has closed with a fall of 0,7 % , updated the concerns of the controllers the market in relationship with the capacity of Europe of contain the crisis of the debt .
&apos; Japan , as the rest the world , has the look set in Europe and the exchanges will realizándose in a for of shift reduced , of way that the investors not will evidence of that the situation . has estabilizado &apos; , as Mitsushige Akino , workforce of funds in Ichiyoshi Investment Management .
The reaparición of the concerns by the future of the area the euro affects to the currency only , that still bajando the Tuesday .
The euro still in their level more under since ago a month and a .
wound the 10 hours , the motto European worth 1,3570 dollars , a fall the 0.4 % .
According the corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the Chancellor withdraw withdraw , the badge , that . met the Monday in the Congress , adoptase a motion that for , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties saliese of the area the euro without leave the Union European .
The types Italian and Spaniards campaigning with creces the 6 %
The types crediticios of Italy and Spain There to a levels very worrying .
The Tuesday by the morning , the performance of the obligations Italian to 10 years amounted the 6,85 % , while that the titles Spaniards the same term ofrecían a 6,2 % .
These tensions in relationship with the types of interest of the countries the southern , but also of France , are alimentando the fears of the controllers .
The head the future Government Italian , Mauro Monti , has asked time to the markets for improve the situation in Italy , that is the risk of asfixiarse with the weight of their debt .
The new Prime Minister Greek White Papademos , by their part has highly that the implementation of the decisions taken in the Summit of the area the euro the 27 of October would the &apos; work main &apos; of their Government .
Spain . is in the point of belief of the markets , while that the Sunday . couple there the elections legislative .
The difference of the types ( &apos; spread &apos; ) between the obligations to 10 years in Germany and Spain , has reached a new maximum historic .
. the expected of the figures of growth of the area the euro
Since the point of view statistical , France has reported a growth economic the 0.4 % in the third quarter , is say , a figure more favourable that the 0,3 % to , impulsada by the consumption helping .
The Insee , without however , has revised to the low the figure the Secondly quarter , with a reduction the 0,1 % the product internal gross ( GDP ) in place of a deadlock .
In , the quarter quarter is the that really concerned to the economists .
Germany , by their part , has reported a growth the 0.5 % in the same period .
It out the first forecasts for the whole of the area the euro to the 11 hours , after of that the Commission European has came on the risk of a new recession .
Policy energy :
the facts must assert more that the undistorted
If there a issue that not . can try taking in account considerations of short term or simply thinking in the emotion , is the policy energy .
The availability and the cost of the electricity on directly in the power purchasing and in the competitiveness of the companies .
It appropriate that a I electoral be the time of think on such issues and on the place of the energy nuclear .
The debate only will useful if investigated the whole of the consequences economic , social and environmental of the options proposals .
The French must resorted their opinion in facts objectives , in data rational .
now that are 7.000 million of people in the planet , the development demographic lost the duplication of the demand electricity before of 2050 , to least that . prive to a huge part of the population world of a element vital .
At same time , will that unsustainability the shortage each time greater of the resources fossil for to have electricity continually , without forget the imperiosa need of reduce the emissions of gases of effect greenhouse for fight against the change climate , a issue that has disappeared the debate ecological .
The accident of Fukushima not change none of these parameters .
, that , Germany away single in their decision of up to the energy nuclear .
That not is the case or of Belgium , that hearing the their to the need of find a source capable of sustituirla , or of Switzerland , that only has by aim build central of last generation .
, another hand , Britain Britain , Finland , Poland , Republic Czech , Netherlands Netherlands , Sweden , South , China , India and Brazil , by quote some examples , are forward with determination with their projects .
The States United , by their hand , after Fukushima &apos;s add a unit to their park , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of Three Mile Island .
If the model German , based in the energy renewable , . is in times as example , the reality is in against of such speech .
The election of Berlin is to mean a encarecimiento the price of the electricity , a greater on energy by the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular of Russia , a increase of the emissions of CO2 by the construction of central of gas and of coal .
In a months , . notarán the effects harmful .
must meditarse on the case of Denmark .
Campeón of Europe in the sector eólico , the which this the 30 % of their electricity , also is one of the large users of coal and of gas because to the intermitencia the wind ; by this reason , their emissions of CO2 and the price of their electricity are , respectively , a 65 % and a 50 % more high that the average European .
, the contrary , thanks to the have of our policy energy , our neighbours abonan a bill of electricity a 40 % higher to the of the who French .
While that in a economy restructurings the cost of the energy is a factor key of the competitiveness and a guarantee the it of the usefulness industrial in the territory national , the companies French . benefit of the electricity more cheap of Europe .
, that reason , any reduction significantly of the energy nuclear contribute a strong takes the price of the electricity , what that restaría realism to the maravillosas statements on the reindustrialización of our country and the defence of our power purchasing .
It is of a price that the great majority of the French . refuse to pay and , of fact , not manifiestan opposition by principle to that kind of energy , according show the out .
us that the policy energy of our country has lost build a sector industrial with 125.000 jobs of work director and 410.000 jobs indirectos .
Ampliamente looking to the export , encompasses a galaxy of pymes specialist in the markets international and that can create jobs not deslocalizables .
If France decidiese leave the energy nuclear , contribute the sacrificio of great part of these SMEs and the loss of the 6 million of EUR year in exports French of equipment and services nuclear .
? What electricista encargaría a EPR designed for work Sixty years , when is to the collapse of their manufacturer ?
For right the equation of the energy nuclear , there that admit that not there a source miracle of production of electricity , the as that not there a source diabólica .
The development by part of Areva of solutions with in emissions of CO2 , nuclear and renewable , shows the nature also of the sources of energy .
In the case of the energy nuclear , is essential keep the maximum level of security .
In France , have of a Authority of security that by a control narrower and transparent therefore on the central existing as on the construction of Flamanville .
Our equipment , of recognised professionalism , are also obsessed by the security .
In a century , the sector nuclear has suffered three accidents serious .
Only only one , the of Three Mile Island , . in in a conditions operational normal ; not resulted consequences or for the people or for the a environment .
In Chernobyl , the accident . was the design the sink and to a failures human imperdonables .
In Fukushima , some people seem forget that the accident . was to two disasters natural of a reach without unprecedented , that wave the death of tens of thousands of people .
The sector nuclear aprenderá of this accident , such as what was of the two previous .
Thank to these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of security , and the operators and seating French and Germans , the EPR is a design capable of resistir to such phenomena .
While what estudian all the players electric that want build a central , the with of their construction in Flamanville would a great gift for the competitors of Areva and EDF , since that them nonetheless to free for in the leadership in the inevitable development the sector nuclear .
It essential and legitimate to the best options energéticas for our country , but would irresponsible to that the taught , the undistorted and the volume partisanas dominasen a debate so important for the situation economic , social and financial of our country .
The immigration , ? a burden or a opportunity for the economy ?
The policy of immigration roundly by Nicolas Sarkozy has been criticada that since various points of view : the saturación of the services police , judicial and administrative subject to the policy of figures , the doubts of this policy with the status autoproclamado of &apos; country of the rights human &apos; of France .
than recently , is the harassment administrative of the students foreign the that has saltado to the headlines , with the Minister of Interior ( véase the newspaper Libération the 23 of May ) proclamando of last that France &apos; not needs talentos foreign , workers or camareros &apos; .
, however , rarely time . analysing since the point of view economic .
The question is that , on this issue , there quite consensus between the left and the right .
In the case of the right , Jacques Chirac fijó the it declarando in 1976 that &apos; 900.000 unemployed not should be a problem for a country that account with close of two million of workers immigrants &apos; , while that in the left , the tone what fijó Michel Rocard explicando that France &apos; not can done office of whole the misery the world &apos; in 1990 .
The only difference , the degree of generosity
In 2005 , therefore the left as the right compartían the fear to the invasion the territory national by a a of fontaneros Poles .
. both both , . as that the immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society French .
The only difference is in the degree of generosity with the that act with regard to the immigrants .
In their programme , &apos; Hollande . limited to include banalidades , those that the codesarrollo will right the &apos; problem of the migration &apos; .
This idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , perhaps is why electoralmente , but economically its very face .
As as guarding the economists Party Goldin and Geoffrey phase in a labour recent that sums the knowledge more recent on the immigration ( Exceptional People : How Migration Shaped Our World and Will Define Our Future , May of 2011 , Princeton University reporter , 352 pp . ) , there a broader consensus between the specialists on the impact positive of the flows migratory in the growth economic , the wages and the employment in the countries that receive immigrants .
The - of the immigration it the growth and also the employment .
The fears related with the impact of the immigrants . based in the idea of that these can replace to the workers national , in particular to the little qualified , pressing for that . reduce their wages .
But the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more well additional that substitutes of the workers national and use mainly professions in sectors with lack of employment .
The immigrants little qualified working in sectors that not by to workers national and the more qualified in sectors dynamic where the training not This the demand of personal .
A effect positive on the wages
From same way that a surgeon would difficulties for work in a country that have lack of anestesistas , the complementariedad between national and immigrants from that the arrival of these last 8.4 welcome in the wages and the employment of the national .
mind in account what previous , Giovanni Peri calculó that a increase the 1 % of the flows migratory is a takes of the wages real to long term of between a 0,6 and a 0,9 % .
And , without have in account the fact of that the diversity that aportan the immigrants helps to the creation of ideas and the growth economic ( there a great proportion of prizes Nobel Americans naturalizados and companies as Google , Intel , Paypal , eBay and Yahoo were well-founded by immigrants ) .
The immigrants also are taxpayers dig to the systems social , since that aportan of average a 1 % the budget total in the countries European .
The Organisation International the Labour estimated , by example , that in Germany a immigrant that it with a age of 30 years operators a contribution neta ( income least expenses ) of 150.000 EUR to the budgets public of average for whole their life .
At principle of their mandate , Nicolas Sarkozy wanted go to to the points of growth that to faltaban &apos; with the European &apos; .
which European , that disuadieron to the immigrants , had exactly the effect reverse .
Europe invented the democracy , only to lack think in a democracy European
The democracy is a well precious , but also fragile .
The continent European should power acordarse of this already that , but . invented in Athens ago more of two billion years , to what long the century 20th has suffered the tragedies of the War World , totalitarismos , the Holocaust , the exalted , but also to Franco in Spain , to tobacco-production in Portugal , the coroneles in Greece .
Some perhaps up that , for that the democracy triunfase definitively on their enemies , would enough exercise the vote and the way more direct possible .
We , since Rostopchine &apos; the Pequeño &apos; , that . was of something considered .
The suffrage universal , but . is of a condition necessary for the democracy , not is enough by itself only and even can become in a &apos; instrument of oppression &apos; , as said found the filósofo republicano Etienne Vacherot .
not , the democracy required a more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , Luces , solidarity economic and social , justice .
The crisis that we in Europe is a crisis economic , but is to point of become in a crisis policy and democratic .
The palinodia the referendum Greek verdadero-falso had , to this regard , a double effect intend : was the need of a return take of the sphere policy , but also the worrying that of their Alternatively , of their inconsistency .
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence for superarla .
The truth is that the lines the with of the battle democratic currently . have desplazado and that , in many cases , the soldiers Republican already not progress in the good sense .
not saldremos gaining if We a succession of referenda national , organised in role of the needs and of way desordenada .
A signing in white the monarca European all or a high the gap the hole nacionalista : ! what options for the citizen !
not , not want from old-fashioned of effect , but a exercise common , of full right , relaxed and continuous , of the options and the democracy , this time to level European .
not there crisis in Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal ( of fact , not sabríamos where end the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of Europe .
The whole of Europe is the that . pliega to the orders of the markets and of the agencies of rating , that the that unaccompanied their of and their lack of solidarity .
is the whole of Europe the that suffering a humiliation in the sphere international .
We far-reaching by the transfer of sovereignty to Europe , but is whole Europe the that lose slowly the sovereignty and , with it , each a of their nations .
What more urgent is that the sovereignty popular ’ the helm the project European .
Because only together will the European reduce the weight of their debts , shake of the markets and preparation their future by the investments .
The an of the crisis multi-faceted decisions to level European that not will factored without a legitimacy democratic total , unless that be for conducirnos the disaster .
After have fought for a time against this proposal of the socialists and of Jacques Delors , all the world calls in the currently a governance economic European .
can so be .
But think in it without a greater integration policy and democratic , and without that be vivida as such by the citizens , would a new madness and us would to a new point died .
We in a new stage of the construction European .
For build the Republic in France , was be &apos; to &apos; Republican .
The Revolution motivated by interests not would enough .
This lesson still being applies .
We build a Europe more integrated since the point of view economic .
was . will achieve federalist a Europe more democratic in the level political , a real sovereignty popular European .
For build Europe , us European .
The cards with chip &apos; without contact &apos; . generalizan
The reception world of the cards of chip . as the Tuesday in Villepinte , close of Paris , with a environment positive .
In fact , the year 2011 should conclude with a increase the 11 % in the sales world of cards with microprocesadores ( cards bank , mobile with cards SIM , etc ) , with a total of 6 million of units , according are the gabinete Eurosmart .
The segment more take is the of the technology without contact , that allows subscription the transport in common or the purchases simply arena the card to a lector .
This year . venderán in all the world 460 million of cards with chip without contact , ! 320 million more that the year previous !
Their share should to increasing in 2012 ( . out 580 million of units ) and represent close of a 10 % the market world of the cards with chip ( 6,925 million of cards ) .
Europe , that has a time rezagada with regard to the region of Asia-Pacífico , is gaining ground in the sector the payment without contact .
manufacturing of 26 million of cards bank Visa already have of this role , that . on in 75.000 terminals of payment .
In France , their beginning are more modest : . are they 400 cards Visa without contact .
But the large land working by four .
arrives has We this year 2.5 million of cards Pass MasterCard without contact .
For They the into higher , not However , is necessary that the banks the Consequently to available of their customers .
&apos; There two large moreover French that . have committed to salvage systematically in the future , between their customers , cards bank dotadas the system without contact &apos; , is Gérard Nébouy , director general of Visa Europe France .
The banks photo the payment by telephone mobile
But so only is a first stage towards the a of payment the future : the telephone mobile .
In the currently , there few equipment equipados with the technology NFC ( Near Field Communication ) , essential for to the transactions .
&apos; It are rezagando &apos; .
&apos; But should by end shares a real on the year that next &apos; .
&apos; Prevemos that . venderán between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world &apos; , explains Marc Bertin , President of Eurosmart .
But the banks take the delantera .
The bank Crédit agricole announced yesterday the launching of a test between December and the next June in Caen .
It equiparán the iPhone of around of 200 customers and colleagues with a funda that allows the payment without contact .
The BPCE at of a project similar in Strasbourg and Marseille .
And the Société générale also has highly yesterday that is for the marketing of a supply that enable to their customers pay without contact to through of their mobile .
From usual to Nigeria , the with terrorist is in increase
Paris . concerned by the links between At al-Qaeda in the Magreb Islamic and the secta Boko Haram .
The links between the group terrorist At al-Qaeda in the Magreb Islamic ( Aqmi ) and the secta pleases of Boko Haram , on the that . sospechaba since ago time , . have confirmed .
The Sunday , the Viceministro argelino of Affairs Foreign , Abdelkader Messahel , even said that Argel already &apos; has the certidumbre &apos; .
&apos; The way in that both organisations operating and the reports of the services of intelligence shown that are cooperando &apos; , he , without they more details .
Paris seems to to a conclusion similar .
The research on the hostages of two French in ex-post the last January would pursued the pasarelas .
Raptados in a restaurant of Niamey by people relating with Aqmi , Antoine of Léocour and Vincent Delory killed the day next with with several of their secuestradores for a operation replaces by the forces special French .
In the rubble of the intervention , the researchers French and custody abused several chips telefónicos that been to the terrorists .
Eje terrorist
The study of the so-called made points towards several partners based in Mali , ex-post and Nigeria .
According Radio France Internationale ( RFI ) , two numbers captaron especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a nigeriano that permaneció for a time in Maiduguri , a city the north of Nigeria , cradle of Boko Haram , and the another to a man that , supposed , is have to Aqmi and to the secta .
&apos; It is of a progress , but without doubt we wait to poseer evidence more formal before of about of cooperation operational between Aqmi and Boko Haram &apos; .
&apos; But is possible &apos; .
&apos; We since ago years that the secta they of support financial and intellectual foreign and that each time is more active &apos; , says Kunle Amuwo , a scientists nigeriano .
These last months , these &apos; support &apos; had result each time more clear in the development and the speeches of Boko Haram or in their case operational , that now Modern the use of kamikazes or equipment explosives each time more complex and the same lifestyle that the category by Aqmi .
The community international , beginning by Washington , is since then pressing to Abuya for that have in account the problems have by Boko Haram .
The authorities grave , of fact , are time considering the group as a community of iluminados little understandable of interest .
A success quickly
Fundada in 2002 in Maiduguri in about to a mezquita , a school and the magnet fundamentalista succession Yusuf , Boko Haram ( that means , in hausa , &apos; the education Western is a pecado &apos; ) , self-harm to the both of a emirato Islamic in the north Muslim of Nigeria .
In this region poor , the partnership is living a success quickly .
It politiza and requires a respect narrower of the Sharia , while that their fighters . within to the fight against the government central impío .
These last . orientan in first place to the churches , the televisions , the administrations .
In 2009 , the fighters of Boko Haram were especially active and . multiplicaron the attacks against the comisarías .
The reaction of Abuya was , as is to , widespread .
The army atacó the city and . deserve 800 dead .
succession Yusuf , arrested in life , In the death in prison .
Since then , the secta . radicaliza and or their feudos the north .
The past their , eye a attack that cause 80 dead in Jos and , after , another in Abuya .
In June , Boko Haram again to attack against Abuya , in particular against the Álava general constitutionally of the police , with a attack suicidal , the first of this kind .
In August , the based local of the Nations UN . becomes in their first aim international .
The creation of a &apos;s terrorist in Africa , that abarcaría since Mauritania to Somalia happening by Nigeria , concerned to all the specialists of the security .
While that Aqmi has - Mali and ex-post and that the somalíes of Al-Chebab operating in Kenya , Boko Haram arises as a new threat in the centre the continent .
The week last , for a meeting in Nigeria with the President Goodluck Jonathan , Alain Juppé to has came against Boko Haram and has highly that was prepared to &apos; share whole the information &apos; .
The world according the candidates Republican to the Presidency
In relationship with China , with Iran and with the aid to Israel , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , and Rick Perry vying in simpleza and lack of knowledge .
A America debilitada by the crisis , ? can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , simplistas ?
Escuchando to the candidates Republican for the presidential , the electorate could think that so is .
Since ago a days , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , Rick Perry and the other candidates each time do more statements estruendosas and atajos in on of policy foreign , traditionally a point strong of the Republican .
It extienden the lemas , to often infundamentados , on China , Iran , the aid to Israel .
Mitt Romney , the candidate better has in the career towards the designation by the &apos; Cardiff Old Party &apos; , has threatened with to to the Chinese to the WTO and denunciarles &apos; by manipulation of their motto &apos; , a issue key in a America exasperada by the migration of fragmentos uncontrolled of their sector towards Asia .
are as if that means the explosion of a war trade , said .
Jon Huntsman , former &apos; of Obama in China and the only candidate that has a vision sofisticada of the policy foreign , almost . ahoga to a attitude that &apos; apabulla &apos; the emotion .
has asked a dialogue firm , but parity , with Beijing ( the position current of Obama ) .
But Huntsman , that . is plateau in the depths of the polls , still being inaudible .
At lifestyle of Ronald
Romney also has promised a intervention military in Iran if the sanctions not challenge Those their programme nuclear .
&apos; If salgo elected , detendré to Iran &apos; , fanfarroneó .
&apos; If Obama its his , will the bomb &apos; .
Prometió also increase the aid military to Israel , acusando to Obama of have failed with their obligations in relationship with that partner .
The his Herman Cain , the Secondly candidate better life-style , shows by their part a knowledge embarrassing of such subjects .
Recently , instaba to to to the threat military Chinese because Beijing &apos; is develop capacity nuclear &apos; , is her the fact of that China already at the átomo military since 1964 .
The Governor tejano Rick Perry , that supports to Israel and to intervene in Iran , says that , by their part , is prepared to orbiting the army US in Mexico for fight against the which of the drugs .
The appeal to the torture against the supposed terrorists , ban by Obama in 2009 , also what preconizan Cain , Perry and the Mayor Michele Bachmann .
The differences are considerable with the candidate republicano of 2008 , John McCain , a weight heavy in policy foreign .
The opponents the current President contestan that Ronald also had ideas simple and that won the War Cold .
Recuerdan that the own Obama was a amateur and that had that aflojar the single-engine in on of fight against the terrorism .
Insisten , with reason , in the failure of their ingenuo dialogue with Iran , in the an hurried of the &apos; boys &apos; of Iraq and in their tergiversaciones in Libya , and what etiquetan of weak .
But the attacks not them are simple .
The population juzga of a way more well positive the balance of security national of Obama , that is with thirty-nine-year-old Laden .
Since Iraq , desconfía of the speeches military that generate a hundimiento .
And , argumentando that ago lack rebuild economically America for revive their leadership , Obama . the impression of be more fair .
The Nord Stream , new door of entry the gas Russian in Europe
The pipeline Nord Stream , that comunica directly Europe Western with Russia happening by the fund the Sea Baltic , already . has since in service .
must supply gas for satisfy the needs of 30 million of who .
Gazprom , the heralded Russian the gas , has wanted there the event with great pompa .
The last Tuesday , more of 500 invited , including four Heads of State and of Government , took to on the Baltic , between the music of the orquesta and a delicate bufet , in the opening the Nord Stream , the new pipeline that comunica directly , under the sea , Russia with Germany .
Simbólicamente , the Chancellor German withdraw withdraw , the President Russian a.m. indication , the Prime Minister French &apos; Fillon and their counterpart of the Netherlands Netherlands , Mark Rutte , have girado together the volante of the válvula that controls the entry of gas Russian in the network of Europe Western .
With this new pipeline , each year Whether 27,5 million of metres solid of gas Russian additional to Europe Western to through of a first had of 1.224 km that comunican the region of St Petersburg with the Land of Mecklemburgo-Pomerania .
A Secondly tubo should concluirse to end of 2012 that will supply a total of 55.000 million of metres solid of gas , is say , enough for cover all the consumption French .
In , already . about of the possibility of build a third tubo by the same way .
For Gazprom , the completion to time of this huge labour is aires of victory .
Poland and the countries Baltic . had theories strongly the project .
In fact , the Nord Stream is to allow supply gas directly to Germany , any the course earth by third countries ( Poland and Ukraine ) .
In coup , these two countries Some something of their power : for them , will more difficult influence in Russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to the markets of Europe Western .
In the point álgido the debate , Warsaw not dudó in comparisons the Nord Stream as a &apos; new pact germano-soviético &apos; , in reference to the alliance between Hitler and Stalin for should Poland in 1939 .
is say , if the issue is politically delicate .
Europe Western , support the project Russian , has successful a greater security of supply .
But the price is a weakening of the Europe of the energy , given that the project has led a gap between the European the this and the westwards .
Russia has known , in so only five years , to triunfar their vision of a alliance direct between Russia and the countries Western rich , large consumers of gas and with a reserves each time more limited .
&apos; This pipeline is a component of our partnership with Russia , a new arteria that us unite of way growers &apos; , this &apos; Fillon for the opening the pipeline , proving to what point the large contracts the sector the gas are so political as economic .
all this explains the broad smiles in the sides of the analysts of Gazprom , many in Lubmin , in the point of arrival the gas .
The construction of this pipeline also is a achievement technical .
The tubo submarino is made of steel recubierto of cement for protegerlo against the anclas of the ships .
It supports in the fund the sea , to a average of 200 values of depth .
For construirlo , was necessary avoid camps of mines that rim of the Second War World .
&apos; was necessary with or destroy a centena of them , by caution &apos; , out Jens Müller , spokesman of the society Nord Stream .
also , s necessary providing the measures of protection of the supervise and the flora .
The tubo is a long snake-heads of metal that is as 242 torres Eiffel and not is interrupted in whole their length : or by válvulas , or by stations of it .
was measures a platform of control in the waters of Sweden , but the responsible the project renunciaron to the same the see that the Swedish not were very prepared to allow that a society state Russian . estableciera of way permanent in the sea with to their coast .
&apos; In case of avería , interrumpiremos the step the gas in least of a minute &apos; , precise Jens Müller .
In case of flight , the gas the pipeline . liberará , by therefore , to the atmosphere .
But the seating they little likely that . would a flight , since that have to junturas that , according the forecasts , will a flight each precursor years .
The control the state the pipeline . an by a robot submarino , arrastrado by a per , that for inspections external , so as by a has that reasons by the internal the pipeline .
With the way of a pure , . predictability in the internal the tubo , that has a diameter of a metre , and . all with the gas .
. their arrival , after three hours minutes of journey to a speed of three metres by Secondly , supplies data precise on possible deformaciones the metal .
The pipeline has been designed for work for fifty years without need of no kind of reparación .
The movement the gas . an simply by the pressure .
At principle is of 200 bars and , to the an of 100 bars .
Five companies have joined their forces for power to to out this project .
The company leader is Gazprom , that has the 51 % of the financially .
. it , . unieron the German E.ON and BASF ( 15,5 % each a ) , so as the reporting Gasunie and the group French GDF Suez ( 9 % each one ) .
These five societies have created a company common , so-called Nord Stream , that of build and exploiting the pipeline .
It their based in Zoug , Switzerland , where the forcing is especially favourable .
After , Gazprom alquiló to this society , for a term of 25 years renewable , the whole of the capacities of transport of gas .
&apos; . Gazprom to payments by the capacity total , regardless of the amount of gas that really . transport &apos; , precise Jens Müller .
The funding of the construction the pipeline . has taken just in a 30 % with the contribution of the accionistas and in a 70 % by loans banking .
The cost total of the labour should achieve 7.400 million of EUR for the two tubos .
For GDF Suez , by example , the investment has reached the 240 million .
But the accionistas weaker are insurance of that not superarán their investment , since that Gazprom moderating by itself only the risk of the expenses .
The pipeline emerge the Baltic in Lubmin , in a at arenosa plantada of pinos .
for válvulas , with 4.5 metres of at , are the door of an the gas .
There a sensors that miden the pressure , the temperature and the characteristics specific the gas to the arrival , before of that . owed to the pipelines Germans .
Since the last Tuesday , the terminal In a million of metres solid of gas Russian each time .
. total capacity , will three million by time and in 2012 , six million .
Moleskine , a libreta of mark .
Creada ago a century by a company Italian , Moleskine to restore to the people the will by the escritura .
It a air of adventure , of hours of escritura to the light of a vela .
The libreta Moleskine . recognised easily , with their solder rectangulares blackest , their soup , their hojas of colour white it , as envejecidas by the time .
, however , the libretas Moleskine with the aspect current born ... in 1997 .
The company Italian Modo Modo , based in Milan , decided in time time launch the market a libreta of answering of design , but distinguida .
Maria Sebregondi , by time then consultora of the company , . Musicians the launching the new product .
The libreta . have in a former technical of production , the mole skin ( fur of topo ) , that . concerns to a by barnizado that . his , between other things , for cover the banquetas .
This kind of libreta was very valued by the writers and the passenger .
&apos; Moleskine has adaptado the will current a subject old and neglected , a icono of the artists vanguardistas to the century 20th &apos; , account Maria Sebregondi , that since then . became in responsible of the mark in Modo Modo .
And Karlsbad the success .
Among 2006 and 2010 , the sales by in a 26 % , to achieve a volume of 12,7 million of units vendidas .
consideration has been the production confidential of the first years , in the that only . planned 1000 libretas .
Moleskine is more beyond of the borders Italian and exported their products to 70 countries , since France to States United .
It difficult The the profile the one , since that the cuaderno of answering attracts therefore to men of business as to students and professionals .
At as that Moleskine , their users are cosmopolitas , of spirit open and marginal .
The small company Italian , that had with twelve workers in their beginning , now has close of 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : a in Milan and the other in New York .
Distribuye their cuadernos in bought , since the Fnac to the small shops the centre of the cities , and has known impose their identity .
&apos; We we adaptado to the times and to the need of write , to despite the on of the post electronic &apos; , explains Maria Sebregondi .
This signing cultural is of the hand with the development of Moleskine : recently , the mark has it the statement &apos; Detour &apos; where architects or artists psychologically their own cuaderno .
In August , launched also a cuaderno with tapas of leopardo , with reason the festival of cinema of Locarno .
were their success and this aura cultural , Moleskine has known been their products : bolsos , acts , bolígrafos , fundas of computer ... The mark encompasses a wider range of soportes .
A success that from envidia : in autumn of 2006 , Modo Modo was acquired by the fund of investment SG capital Europe , in the currently Syntegra capital , escribiéndose so a new Indeed in the history of Moleskine .
? , what the rate of unemployment of the workers disabled still being so higher ?
manufacturing the 19 % of the people with are for a employment .
The XV Week for the employment of the disabled starts today .
. despite of a policy public settled , roundly since 2005 , the rate of unemployment between the people with greater the rate average : a 19 % , with the 9 % for the whole of the population .
? Desalentadora ?
&apos; not &apos; , says Éric Blanchet , director general of Adapt , the partnership that &quot; the week for the employment of the disabled .
&apos; The progress infrastructural since ago fifteen years are considerable .
&apos; In time then , the rate of unemployment not was two sometimes but three sometimes more higher that the average .
&apos; , however , still is great by to &apos; .
One mention that the unemployed disabled are alike to many obstacles for access the employment .
inhumane have a age more elderly : the 37 % has more of 50 years ( a 17 % of average ) .
Poseen a level of jobs little high : the 80 % not has over the bachillerato and , of the 2.3 million of students in the education higher , so only 000 are disabled .
, last , the unemployment of long long-term is very widespread between them : the 53 % for the disabled , with the 38 % of average .
is say , there many issues that dificultan especially the return the world labour and that &apos; are the quid the problem &apos; , out Christian Grapin , director general of Tremplin , a partnership created in 1992 for help to the companies to you workers disabled .
These are the obstacles objectives .
In , there those that not . mention ; the mentality of the people is , but too slowly .
A study done in April by the partnership IMS-Entreprendre for the Cité that that the directors encuestados have &apos; a level of knowledge on the safely under &apos; , with a &apos; representation excessive of the people in wheelchair of wheelchair , deficientes physical or intellectuals &apos; .
The result : the companies private with more of 20 workers are very far the aim of you a 6 % of workers disabled , aim that . fijó in a law of ... 1987 .
According the last figures available , that rim of 2008 , at a relationship the 2,6 % .
&apos; now on in about the 3 % &apos; , out Pierre disagree , director general of Agefiph , the body The of tax-raising the contributions of the companies that not climate-friendly this law .
The test : the number of establishment &apos; subject to this contribution &apos; , the as that the cuantías desembolsadas , have has between 2007 and 2011 , happening of 59.000 to 46.000 structures ( and of 606 to 480 million of EUR ) .
&apos; The law of 2005 , that aumentaba the contributions , has led a great pressure for the companies &apos; , explains Pierre disagree .
&apos; But this improvement also reflects a real concienciación , in particular between the large groups &apos; .
According the Ministry of Labour , so only the 59 % of the societies that they between 20 and 49 workers account with employees disabled in their plantilla , with the was % of the companies of between 100 and 199 workers .
Hazard : &apos; A joy &apos;
. point of face to the Bleus the Tuesday by the night ( 20h45 ) , Eden Hazard and Georges Leekens not secret the pleasure that them generated this party friendly .
not us atreveremos to say that . notaba Israeli between them , but the image is as .
Sentados one with the another , in the estrado the auditorio the Stade of France , Georges Leekens and Eden Hazard really have fact the paces .
Five months after the gesture of grudge of their delantero against Turkey , the seleccionador Belgian not has more that praise for he .
&apos; I surprised a by Eden , by their progress and because be Belgian &apos; .
&apos; I move &apos; , to react the delantero of Lille .
In As the contrast between their presentaciones in their team and in the selection , &apos; is a whole &apos; , . has justified .
&apos; In Lille , I all the year , what which not . applies to Belgium .
&apos; I that situarme &apos; .
Convocado for play against Romania the Friday by the night , taking in account this party against France , Hazard next to Saint-Denis for , by end , &apos; brillar &apos; .
, ignore the &apos; pleasure &apos; .
a animando to the Bleus since that had seven years , so as for the campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 .
&apos; always I been their fan &apos; , says .
, doubt , that is to strengthen especially the nature &apos; particular &apos; the I .
notably because . facing &apos; to Mathieu ( Debuchy ) , Yohan ( Cabaye ) and Adil ( Rami ) &apos; , reminds .
&apos; We just of faced ago little .
&apos; Jugar against them always is a joy . &apos;
With sencillez , Leekens has fact by their part reference the &apos; proud &apos; .
&apos; marches &apos; by also &apos; a party of by &apos; .
&apos; marches &apos; also by check , as &apos; neighbour &apos; , that France &apos; again to be a team of very high level &apos; , close of a year after the traumatismo of Knysna .
&apos; Laurent disagree has fact a work frontier &apos; , said with enthusiasm .
While that Belgium not will to the next competition European , the technical would delighted of power share on with the Bleus towards ... Brazil , in 2014 .
&apos; Our small Belgian are growing &apos; , skills .
&apos; We federalist something ; the players are ambitious , are hungry .
&apos; them see in the next parties &apos; . Incluido the party against France .
Portugal shows very confidence
The Portugal of Paulo Bento . faces with a great optimism the party of back against Bosnia ( 22h00 ) , that . will the Tuesday in Lisbon .
In the party of ida , them missing realism to both equipment .
&apos; When transcurran these 90 minutes , will a team happy and , on all , a country happy &apos; .
Paulo Bento already . is in Poland and in Ukraine .
not has no doubt ; the Selecçao , that at since September of 2010 , is to cualificarse for the football of 2012 .
at , so only 90 minutes separate to Portugal of the Škottová .
But there a party that play and a Supreme , Bosnia , that defeat .
mind in account the party of ida ( 0-0 ) , the Friday in the hell of Zenica , seems clear that the thing not is my .
Portugal knock-on the party for more of a time , itself , but not could usher the valuable gol that to would given the quiet .
&apos; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since that not we there outside of home &apos; .
But in home , in the orange Estadio of the Luz of Lisbon , the versa are much of that pasarán , to a public that should be as of happy , even if is clear that the party &apos; is very matched &apos; , dixit a Bento positive but lúcido .
&apos; We that the party is very matched , but are completely much of that we take the delantera &apos; , declared the you male of 42 years .
&apos; We taking a 50 % of for of participate in the football 2012 &apos; , has , not However , relativizado the successor of seat Queiroz .
The score the Friday in Bosnia forced to the versa to usher and to win .
. the bosnios them could to a score , but also have need of usher .
&apos; is a good result , but to the time means a risk , since that not we there outside of home &apos; , regrets Bento .
&apos; We to play against a team that has a great quality technical and that at of players with a great quality individual &apos; , added .
At as that in Zenica , the versa disgraced with the intention of exercise , since the principle , a pressure have on the bosnios for &apos; not swearing time to think &apos; .
A good idea , always that , this time , be realistic .